=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Stripe x PayPal, Codex Micro, Saagar Enjeti Joins | George Kailas, Mukund Jha, Russ Tedrake, Glenn Youngkin
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/stripe-x-paypal-codex-micro-saagar-enjeti-joins-george-kailas-mukund-jha-russ-tedrake-glenn-youngkin
Datum: 2026-07-16
Länge: ~114k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TVP Ultram, the Temple Technology,

the Fortress of Finance, the Capital of Capital.

Time is money.

Save both.

Easy use corporate cards.

Bill.

All in one place.

Big news in the FinTech world, not related to Ramp actually, but Stripe,

another Founders Fund project.

It's Founders Fund day.

Stripe is offered to buy PayPal.

This was rumored and on the timeline on and off over the past year as as PayPal's been a little beat up.

We can pull up the five-year chart.

It's down over 80% since the pandemic highs.

If you go back further, the 2020 to 2021 era for PayPal was like sort of an anomaly because of the big shift to e-commerce during the pandemic boom.

but things have not been looking good for the last five years.

And so just a couple, was it a couple months ago,

Sheel Monot posted in February of 26,

he posted a little question for the timeline.

He said, so who's buying PayPal?

He says, it has the opportunity of being one of the great distressed value opportunities

in fintech history.

It's down 85% at the time, still generating $5.5 billion in free cash flow.

This is a $50 billion company.

We'll go through the PayPal, the Stripe offer, which is at $53 billion.

But, you know, you're getting a 10% free cash flow yield.

I'm unaffected.

Sorry, I'm still working through these two, Sam.

We got new ones.

But if you think about it, it's like you have a $50 billion company printing $5.5 billion in free cash flow.

You can use a lot to finance debt, obviously, which is what's proposed here, 400 million.

consumer accounts. So lots of consumers have PayPal accounts, have Venmo accounts. Maybe they're not

fully active, but they're ready to be engaged. It's a huge footprint and huge distribution

mechanism. And they have bank info attached. That's difficult. You can't get that from many other

consumer applications. That's sort of the white whale of consumer. How deep can you go in the KYC flow,

in the consumer bank relationship? You really know these customers, which is valuable for a potential

buyer like Stripe in this case. So checkout buttons are on millions of merchant sites,

although that has been slowing. And that's part of the reason why a change of ownership might

make sense at this point. And they also have this peer-to-peer brand with Venmo,

which was bought by Brian Johnson, Braintree, and then sold to PayPal. Old lore. So,

Sheel, the first company he calls out is Stripe. He says they have a lot of desirable assets for

Stripe, a consumer-facing checkout, bank account details for hundreds of millions of consumers that

You could integrate into Stripes checkout flow.

And they have a consumer brand in Venmo.

Apple would also be a potential buyer, says Sheel.

Good compliment to Apple pay for e-commerce penetration.

They never got social payments going.

Could get Apple back in Buy Now Pay Later.

Remember PayPal bought after-pay?

No.

That was Block?

bought after pay?

Black.

Does PayPal have a Buy-Now pay later?

No, they were just building this out themselves.

Oh, they built that up themselves.

And not very well.

Got it.

So, Sheel says,

says those are the two logical options from a business value creation perspective, but he identifies

a problem. He says in both cases, Apple and Stripe, the culture fit makes them a non-starter.

I take it back. They actually did buy a BNPL platform. Which one? That I've never heard of called

Pady. Okay. Okay. So they do have an asset there that they are hopefully trying to grow.

But prior to that, they had already built their own. Got it. So Shield calls out that culture fit might be a

problem with PayPal integrating into Stripe. PayPal is a, quote, sprawling legacy fintech with

25,000 employees. That's a huge company. Decades of technical debt, neither Stripe nor Apple would

want to absorb that, although technical debt, you can clean it up. Coding agents, not too bad these

days, maybe less of a problem. Apple also might face big tech antitrust with this type of thing.

That's a good call out. And yeah, you do have to, you do have to wonder, Stripe, incredible on the

product side, on the innovation side, on the, on the, just building a fantastic, massive

$159 billion as of the last tender offer business. But are they the, are they the team to be

the ruthless cost cutters if that's what it takes to turn PayPal around? That might be a

different challenge culturally. Same thing for Apple. They don't, they're not this private equity

firm that goes in and buys and legacy assets and turns them around. So a little bit of

a culture shift that I think, Sheila's correct, to call out.

also identifies Visa and MasterCard as potential buyers, so they could both afford it, and they've been

creeping into merchant acquiring and checkout. Also, we talked about that the big banks are now taking

a shot across the bow of Visa and MasterCard with their own card network. So there's potential

that Visa and MasterCard might want to expand into a different territory, although that's not

what's playing out right now, but who knows what other bidders will come out of the woodwork now

that Stripe has made this offer to buy PayPal for $53 billion. So PayPal's checkout button

placement is enormously valuable real estate for either Visa or Mastercard.

The networks have been trying to move beyond interchange into direct merchant relationships,

and PayPal could accelerate that by years.

I think they may be burned out on antitrust, either network acquiring the largest

independent online checkout provider would and should face brutal regulatory scrutiny,

says Sheel.

He goes on.

He says, what about Elon?

Elon co-founded PayPal and always wanted it to be called X.

So there's some poetry in it coming back under his fold as X.

Of course, he is a Stripe shareholder, I believe.

think he was an angel investor, one of his very rare angel investments was straight.

So, you know, he might be getting a slice of PayPal with this. Not too bad.

His bandwidth is spread impossibly thin across Tesla, SpaceX, XAI. This is pre-merger,

X, politics, and replying concerning to post at 3 a.m. Never been a problem for Elon, but

he said, but you could have made the case. He was spread too thin before he started to acquire

the last several companies, too. Technical debt at PayPal is a big challenge that he knows

I would never count him out.

I just don't see it, though.

And then he says, in his opinion, Sheel says,

J.P. Morgan makes the most sense.

They've spent heavily on payments and acquisition,

and an acquisition could get them closer

to building a consumer super app alongside Chase.

$50 billion would be a huge acquisition even for them,

but they could stomach it, assuming they could get regulatory approval.

Venmode gives them a P-to-P brand that they've never been able to build,

especially among younger consumers, PayPal's branded checkout,

button sits on millions of merchant sites.

Remember, is it JP Morgan that bought

that company that Charlie Javis founded and then she went to jail or was accused of crimes

because and that pitch for her company was consumer facing consumer facing they had a relationship

with alleged yeah I guess they made a position yeah they positioned yeah they positioned it as

having a lot of relationships with younger consumers college students and so I think the deal came

in like north of a hundred million dollars and then it was later alleged or discovered that

those accounts were maybe generated programmatically.

I think this was the pre-AI era.

Now it's even easier if you need to generate

a bunch of fake data.

But don't do that because it's fraud.

Yeah, the question is like,

Stripe makes so much sense.

Yeah.

Because if, yeah, to be able to pull off an acquisition like this,

to be able to get the level of debt needed to do this,

you need to have so much confidence that they're going to actually be able to,

I'm assuming they'll end up.

reducing head count pretty dramatically.

I'm assuming Stripe looks at this and says,

hey, I don't think we need 25,000 people running this business.

So who has the operational strength and know how to make PayPal run?

If you could make PayPal even run half as well as Stripe,

that's probably worth double what it's currently worth.

So, yeah, if you're a lender here,

I don't see or a partner.

I don't see that you can find a better partner than Stripe on a deal like this, period.

Let me take you through the lenders.

Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of IT, HR, and finance support,

giving employees instant resolution to access requests and password resets.

So, Stripe is a fun option.

I agree with this.

It's funny.

This teal-backed fintech company buying a teal-founded company, full circle.

The first offers already facing some push.

back, Michael Burry, I believe is a shareholder, and he posted on his substack about why he's not

selling at this current price. He thinks that PayPal can get back to their previous share price

from a year ago. But the basic structure of the deal is as follows. $53 billion for all

of PayPal, $60.50 per share offered, 28% premium over yesterday's closing price. But it's a

steep discount to last year's valuation. 50 billion has been committed in bank financing. And

the FT is reporting that PayPal has been reluctant to engage with the offer thus far.

Stripe is much bigger than PayPal at this point.

Also interesting, this offer was apparently sent over to PayPal weeks ago, maybe a full month ago

based on the reporting and it didn't leak.

So whoever's working on this team, good job.

They kept it under wraps.

They're taking it public.

And Rique, Lores, the CEO over at PayPal just got the gig.

He had been over at HP.

And you can't imagine that he took the job wanting to just basically be acquired in a short period of time.

Exactly.

He wants to, I would imagine he wants to get credit for a proper turnaround here.

And so I think they're going public with this now in part to try to put pressure.

Stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service.

So Stripe is partnering with private equity firm Advent International for the deal.

They have a lot of dealmaking experience in FinTech specifically.

And I think they're going to go 50-50 on the equity portion, but then there's a whole bunch of bank financing coming in.

And they will point in their offer to the fact that branded PayPal checkouts are slowing.

There's fierce competition from Apple Pay, Shop Pay, Clarna.

These are reasons to sell.

PayPal will likely fire.

back saying, hey, we just brought in a fresh CEO. We have a restructuring plan in place.

We're executing against that. Once that happens, once we're successful, we will get back

to the 70s for our share price, which we traded that just a year ago. So, yeah, maybe we're not

going to go back to the pandemic highs anytime soon, but this offer is just too low for right now.

But we will see overall, I mean, Stripe has done an excellent job expanding into many adjacent

markets. Atlas is a great example.

And they've never cracked consumer, but also they've never really tried, in my opinion.

And so I think it'd be really awesome to watch this play out, see what they do with it.

But it does seem like it'll take a few more rounds of negotiation before anything

bully materializes.

unlock seamless real-time experience is a new value with Cisco.

So there is news out of OpenAI.

The first consumer hardware device will reportedly be an AI companion speaker.

According to Bloomberg, the device will be screenless and movable designed to serve as a new kind of home computer for the AI era.

And I believe Tyler has a mockup of what we think it would look like.

I think I said it to you.

Did that make it into the timeline?

Let's pull that up when we have a second.

It will be able to answer questions, control smart home devices, play music, and tap into GPT's.

capabilities, but the bigger goal is for it to become increasingly personalized over time.

Open AI envisions it as an AI companion that gets to know its owner, understands their

habits, and it can even draw on personal information like email to provide more useful

assistance.

And we have the image here.

Oh, yes.

Let's pull up what I think it probably looks like based on this description that it's screenless,

movable, and designed to serve as a new kind of home computer for the AIR.

That's what I'm hoping for.

sort of a function one concert level speakers that have wheels and can be wheeled around.

It's movable, smart speaker.

It weighs, it actually weighs one ton.

Yes.

Yes.

Because that's onboard battery system.

Yes.

They want it to be mobile.

Yes.

They don't want you to worry about plugging in.

Exactly.

Imagine just wheeling this around and just pumping out Tiesta at concert level volumes throughout

inside any room in your home.

Ideally, those wheels would be motor.

You could follow you around and deaf in you in any room.

Sort of Brian Johnson's worst nightmare.

Not to call back Brian Johnson.

But unlike today's smart speakers, the device is designed to feel more life.

Yes, that is a bit.

This is a joke.

This is a joke.

We have not been intentionally not been read in anything in device land because

we want to figure out what's happening in real time.

You guys.

But if you've been using code,

and you are running codex on or just the new chatypc app which is fully codexified

If you've been running it on your computer it's pretty remarkable when you're on your phone and your remote in you remote into your computer and you can have it go and just open your actual email and if you're logged into a news a new site it will just use your actual login to go and open the

website in your Chrome browser which is logged in and get you whatever information

information you need. So having the full control, I think that people are just with the with the chat chitpt app on iOS

integrating to codex or chat chattchapt app on Mac. People like the we're now crossing the chasm of like

the open claw experience for people that weren't ready to set up the open claw.

Yeah. Whole like agentic workflows and do all of the stuff jump through all the hoops there.

These are just apps that you can install. You never really get hit with a terminal window whatsoever.

So like the next wave of consumers are adopting effectively these I don't even know they're they're agents, but it's more like computer use plus agents plus desktop integration that makes it

ultimately more usable. So unlike today's smart speakers, the device is designed to feel more lifelike according to Bloomberg.

And it will include mechanical elements that move on their own along with a camera and other sensors to understand its surroundings.

powered by GPT Live, OpenAI's new real-time voice mode.

It should be able to hold more natural conversations and recognize when you enter a room.

You'll also be able to take it around the house thanks to its rechargeable battery.

Johnny Ive is helping design the product.

Bloomberg says Open AIS hardware team is developing roughly five AI devices with the speaker expected to be the first, targeting and unveiling this year ahead of a planned 2027 release.

We have another example of what we think they should do in the device, in the device back.

The new smart device that I want from Open AI is, of course, the, you've heard Greg Brockman say this.

Taste is a new core skill, right?

Yep.

So what can computers, what are they uniquely bad at doing?

Taste.

Creating tastes for you.

Yeah.

Right?

There's no real smell of vision yet.

There's no computer device.

There's no smart device that actually puts a taste in your mouth to signal what's going on with

your AI agents.

So I put together melt.

my pitch for the next AI device from OpenAI.

A custom fit oral wearable that turns AI agent status into flavor.

So you can feel a chat GPT codex run without watching the terminal.

Yes.

So you don't need to look at a screen.

This is perfect if you're trying to cut back in your screen time.

You don't need to hear anything.

You can just listen to the beautiful surroundings of wherever you are.

And yet you're still tapped in.

You still know whether your build is failing or not.

Because you pair with code.

it maps the signals and it ships by taste.

So when your agent is done, a clean sour pulse tells you that it's time to review the work.

If something breaks.

Like a good.

Yeah, sort of like a sour patch kid.

It's nice.

It's a little sweet, but it's sour.

You know, it lets you know, hey, it's time to go check on what's happening, review some code,

make sure everything's shipping as you hope it is.

If something breaks, you get a flash of heat.

It gets spicy in your mouth.

This pulls your attention.

You got to lock in.

so you have some spicy flavor in your mouth.

If your API balance hits zero, you get this bitter taste.

It's not good.

You got to go refill those credits.

A bitter note makes the problem impossible to ignore.

Yes, but if everything is green, everything is shipping appropriately, everything's good to go.

You get a sweet pop in your mouth that rewards the win.

And it's also a Pavlovian feedback loop because you're just on the hunt for the next burst of flavor.

And it can also look like an iced out grill, which might be nice.

more seriously we were

over here at tvPNhq

any idea that we have

immediately gets turned into a website now

we have the laptop

detailing company of san francisco

and and this is a business that we actually think should be built

john was cleaning his laptop last week

and whatever product you had ordered off of amazon i didn't order it

team ordered it it's a

it's a normal like screen wipe, but I didn't realize that you're supposed to use gloves when you

use these screen wipes and it gave me a chemical burn all over my hands. Don't be very careful.

Like my whole, all of the skin on my fingers. Screen.

Healing off. It's been terrible.

Anyways, so we think that there is a real business.

Silly but real business opportunity to make a laptop computer, you know, like a computer detailing

service, like a car detailing service. Yes.

For laptops.

You sign up a bunch of companies, startups in San Francisco.

you know, early stage companies, enterprise, et cetera, you give them a monthly plan to keep all of their

employees' laptops clean and polished. And yeah, this was one shot. And I think it gets the job done.

So no excuses. Yes. You should get out there and do it. I think that the only thing I disagree with

on the site is the pricing. The pricing. How much would you change? I think, I think,

2999.

Well, you know why this is so subsidized, because the screen cleaners are looking for trade secrets and then trading off of them.

But of course, if you're doing this, you need to have the no insider trading guarantee, which is featured here.

To be extremely clear, our detailers will not photograph, memorize, transcribe, trade upon, tiff off a roommate or otherwise profit from anything visible on your screen.

100% information is not used.

right that's let them now you got to let them now that's a great offer yes we clean screens we do

not read them it's almost like he doth she doth protest too much even if your screen contains

an unreleased earnings report even if the font is very large even if the ticker symbol is impossible

to miss our detailers will not be trading on your inside i think i think these have to be on-site

visits yeah yep okay uh what's another big problem in the world big problem is that

that everyone knows the phrase, you can't put the toothpaste back in the tube.

Well, what if you could?

What if you could?

What if toothpaste came in a luxurious jar?

The company's called Paradox, toothpaste out of the tube.

It's a refillable frosted glass jar that turns the most ordinary part of your morning

into a ritual worth displaying.

Do you think this would sell paradox?

Most toothpaste is designed to be hidden.

Paradox is designed to be.

scene and use with intention twice a day. Scoop. One precise pearl. No crusty cap, no guesswork,

no wasted squeeze. Brush your teeth. Then you can refill it. What do you do with the spoon though?

You just, you just back in the toothpaste. Nah. Jurious toothpaste. It's over for this idea.

This is a bad idea. It's funny though. It solves the problem. You can't put toothpaste back in

the tube. Everyone's been clamoring. Everyone's been clamoring for this. To put the toothpaste back

crowd strike your business is AI their business is securing it crowd strike secures AI and stops

breaches Tyler made one he has a pitch for the key draw yeah this was another

idea I had for an open-a-eye device so basically it's a water bottle with the keyboard wrapped around

it okay so if we can pull this up here you can see like you know a lot of times you're typing

and then you go to grab water you're thirsty you want to keep typing yeah and this also is

especially pressing now because of everyone's using whisper right you guys

to talk in, you can't talk while you're drinking water, right?

So why not just put a microphone on here instead of a keyboard?

No, no, that's the whole point.

When you're in the active drinking water, you can't.

Oh, so you got to switch to type it.

So you have to start type.

That's right.

It's like a flute.

Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.

I think, um, it's going to be pretty promising.

I actually think that when you showed me this image, I think just aesthetically,

it's a cool looking bottle, even if the keyboard isn't functional whatsoever.

I think people would just rock this type of bottle because they like the aesthetics of a

keyboard. Sort of like that

Nvidia purse. You've seen the GPU purse.

It's clear plastic

and then inside is a A100

or some sort of Nvidia GPU

and it just sort of shows you the circuit board

and the circuit board is the art, is the design

of the purse. I thought it was pretty cool.

I would pick one of these up if you manufactured one.

Absolutely not. Absolutely not.

Well, whatever you're designing,

use Figma. Agents.

Meet the Canvas. Your AI agents

can now create and model

your Figma files with design system context.

Okay.

The next great car.

We have another new car alert.

New car.

This one,

the car is called chip.

Chip motors.

Let's play this.

It is,

it is funny.

It is funny.

I want to see their pitch.

A year ago,

you could have been sitting there thinking,

why has no one made a cute

EV car for getting around your town or your neighborhood?

Why has no one done it?

And now there's like seven.

Now there's a bunch of companies.

Apparently a lot of people had the same idea.

Jameson from the CEO of Chip Motors says the next great American car is a robot.

It talks, parks itself, more customized than your coffee.

Eat Chip.

Okay.

Let's play this video.

I want to see it.

Yes.

Saturday's here.

I'm Chip, by the way.

Let's get moving.

Hi, Chip.

Hey, Chip.

Hey, my crew's here.

Ready to roll.

Roll.

Oh, he's got crazy FOMO.

That's right.

Bye, Chip.

Go get him, guys.

Have fun.

Love you too.

And I'm talking to myself.

Hi.

Go Park Chip.

You got it, boss.

I like the LED screen on the front.

I've seen demos of that in, like, Chinese cars.

Chip, I forgot the snacks again.

Can you run to the market?

On it.

Drives itself?

This is bold.

This is going to take some right.

is going to take some regulatory approval.

Yeah, yeah.

Okay, so I love the vision.

Yeah.

And I think as just the base model in its current design will sell units, right?

I mean, there's like to channel Doug Jamiro, he'd say it's no, there's no way it's going to wind up shipping at 15K.

There's going to be a bunch of upgrades.

It's going to be difficult.

But yes, like at 15K with these features like 100%, but this is a demo.

Even at, even at somewhere of the range.

of, you know, 20 to 30.

I think these things sell because I know what these sort of like higher end neighborhood

golf carts go for.

They're already all in that range.

So yes, I agree.

It's probably probably price.

Yes, I will buy this, this neighborhood golf cart to like seven different golf carts.

And you're like 400K in the hole on golf carts.

And you could have just got a lucha and chop the top.

Chop the top on the luchette.

You got to chop the top.

It's not a bad idea.

Yeah.

No.

I like this.

So it's cool.

So it's cool.

I think the talk, it's interesting because the talking to your car element is not a selling point to me.

The, like, screens, et cetera.

Like, to me, those aren't, those aren't, like, value.

What is the selling point then?

Just a, just a functional neighborhood car.

That is a selling point, right?

Okay.

So you like the lack of doors, six seats.

Yeah, like golf carts.

Golf carts are mid, right?

They're fun to drive, but there would have been a lack of innovation in the space.

And so just a better golf cart is a good product, right?

But yeah, I don't, yeah, my question is like the parking itself, going on trips by itself,

these kind of things, especially in those settings, I'd be curious if they actually launch with those features at all.

These are things that they're kind of building towards.

Because imagine your, the example I think they use was like a kid's soccer practice.

Can you imagine like parking for a kid's soccer practice or a soccer game and being like, yeah, robot that I just bought like go park yourself.

Like that just sounds like the sketchiest situation.

This customizer is so cool.

You can you can get livery of like an American flag from the factory.

I mean, this is all like very.

You're sold.

Details and stuff.

Anyways, I think it's taking a different direction than Amble.

Amble is betting that you're going to want something that has less technology, right?

More simplicity.

They're going very tech forward, everything from autonomous driving to screens and AI in the device.

Different bets, different customer bases, I think that can both work.

We're in touch now with the chip team.

So we'll look to get them on the show at some point soon.

And hopefully they can just drive this thing right behind the horse and get on the set.

I'm excited.

I mean, I do really, really hope that the time to market for startup,

these weird, like sort of niche vehicles and these new EV makers shortens

because we had this moment where it was impossible to start a new car company.

Then Elon built Tesla into what it is,

the number one selling car in, I think the U.S. and in China, the Model Y.

So huge success.

And then there were a number of follow-ons that were like Nicola and a few others that either

ended very poorly or went bankrupt or didn't really get to break through.

And they took years and years and years and billions of dollars in capital to ship something

and they weren't really able to find their footing in the market because at the time when,

And for example, like Lucid, Lucid, you know, eventually launched a premium EV SUV or a premium, eventually launched an SUV, but a sedan.

And by that time, like, the Taekon was out and a few other, and Mercedes had the EQS.

And so there were a lot of other major brands that had been able to deliver on a similar promise on a similar timeline.

Whereas Tesla's advantage was that they were able to be the first EV.

And they had like a monopoly on EVs for like a decade, basically.

It was the only viable one.

It was like that or like the Nissan Leaf.

And now there's more competition, but they're established.

I'm interested to see, can this come to market in a two-year time frame or three years, something, as opposed to, I'd be really disappointed.

And that might be regulatory failure.

That might just be the supply chain.

There might be a variety of different things.

But based on the speed with which we see China shipping all sorts of vehicles that crab walk and spin around and do jump and all these crazy features, I would certainly hope that.

startups are able to bring cars like this to the market much faster.

They have a frunk that pulls up and just gives you an HD TV screen.

Really cool.

And anyway, so this is cool.

We'll work on getting the founder on.

I can see you getting this to watch movies.

Maybe when you're out and about.

If it's self-driving, I should be able to watch.

Before our next guest comes in.

What's the only thing faster than the AI market?

your business on MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

And then while we wait for our next guest,

Sager, your friend of the show,

I wanted to head over to the big board.

Yes.

Check out.

So what do we have going on here, Georgie?

This is Sagerbet.

Okay.

Sager bet 9,000.

Yes, the Sager bet 9,000.

Yes.

The market never sleeps.

Okay.

And on Sager bet, you can track UFO.

Yes.

You can track mention markets.

So this thing Sager might say.

So it's sort of like an entire casino built

around Sagar and Jetty.

Yeah.

If you just want to bet on anything he's doing, this is the product free year.

In your pocket, wherever you are in the world.

There's even topic slots.

You know, you can bet.

Is he going to talk about Trump, housing?

This is huge.

AI or Joe Rogan, marijuana and AI.

Oh, okay.

The Fed, America, and housing.


---


Well, let's bring in Sager and Jetty and get the betting starting.


---


Let's bring him in.

How are you doing?

I can't even breathe.

I can't breathe.

Props to your team for creating that.

The website is live.

It's all play money,

and there's a disclosure at the bottom.

We can send you the link

and you can have some fun on Sagerbet.

We're just going to leave this up the whole time

while you monologue.

Every single chart is active and live,

constantly shifting.

I am not even going to be able to make it through this.

That is so hard.

hard. Thank you. Thank you for having me. Thank you for this game on this day. Thank you.

True, true, true nightmare fuel for Sanger and Jetty. But I wanted, I wanted to talk about housing.

Should we talk about prediction markets first? Should we, should we debate the level of,

where the data should be used? Is that a good place to start? Because we were chatting.

And you guys want, yeah, go ahead. I mean, I know your, you know, my only request coming into this was

was I don't want any Kalshi ads.

Okay. Yeah. No, no.

It's okay, I guess.

Pure play money.

So there was news, I guess, in the last 24 hours that I think Cal She is exploring being able to trade on potential airport delays.

Oh, airport.

Oh, I saw that.

And that was interesting for.

We're going to get crazy stories where people like intentionally delay the flight to win a bet, right?

Is that what you're saying?

That's kind of my concern.

Because that's basically what's happened already with the weather.

I'm sure you so, well, no, I'm saying.

Oh, with the hairdriar, right?

Exactly.

Yeah.

The hairdryer.

I believe they're also, no, this is polymarket.

This is not Cal Shee, which is offering odds on the Odyssey box office, which this is off of a viral tweet.

So I could be totally wrong.

Yeah.

They said is in violation of a specific element of U.S. law.

Oh, interesting.

You know, that's kind of where things are here in terms of offering commodity markets on box offices.

I was actually addicted to fantasy movie.

Any of my saga bets hit.

Yeah.

Just feel free to just come out.

Yeah, just let Jordan now.

I'll mail you the tech.

No, no, I was fully hooked on fantasy movie premieres with a group of friends.

So it's like fantasy football.

But every week you have to build a theoretical theater.

And you can pick like, I want the Odyssey and then I want obsession.

And you have a certain budget to allocate.

And then based on the box office numbers, you can win or lose.

And some people go really deep.

There's no money on the line.

It was just for fun.

friends. And it made me really engaged in what was going on in Hollywood and I was tracking every

movie. And some people build whole like Excel models for it and they go crazy with it.

But of course, it's now financialized. Yeah, but I don't, I can imagine the argument for

why being able to trade your flight being delayed. I can imagine the argument. You know,

it's very inconvenient. You're going on this vacation. Why not hedge? Hedge. But at the same time,

I can't imagine how it doesn't end in disaster where you have these sort of global

you have global markets you could have someone in another country call the call the local police

and say like hey you know I'm planning blah blah blah it would just be so easy to create a delay

not to mention not to mention all the airport employees that are working these like really really hard jobs

making probably something close to minimum wage and what people will just be having the

you know, saga bet in their pocket saying, but yeah, let's see John's steelman this one.

I got a steel man.

All right, all right, let's see.

The steel man is, is I don't have good information on, even if I don't want to trade,

even if I don't want to participate at all financially, I like the idea of being able to

pull up a website that will give me the odds that my flight is delayed and I can make

Just a rational decision on when I get to the airport.

You know I'm getting there five minutes before,

but I could get there 10 minutes after the plane's supposed to leave if there's an expected delay.

And why do you need Kalshi for this exactly?

Do you not have the United States?

I feel like the United States lies to me.

I feel like it's going to say, oh, yeah, it's totally on time.

And then I get there and it's going to delay.

All of his data is public.

Are you a frequent flyer?

Do you not just go on the airport website and look at the departing and the actual time?

I'm like, people have been doing this for a long time, man.

Does this guy look like a frequent flyer to you?

I'm not a frequent flyer.

But, I mean, this gets to the sports betting thing, too.

Like, I personally, I personally like to just know who's expected to win the World Cup.

Right.

And I don't have a problem with that information being pulled into other sources, Google, chat GPT.

I like just seeing like a yes or no.

I've previously looked up like casino betting lines.

and it's hard for me to instantly, you know, interpret like, oh, it's plus four or a half.

I'm like, I don't know what that means.

Just tell me, like, what are the odds that the Red Sox win the world.

That's why on Sager bet everything is just in percentages.

Yeah, yeah.

That is smart.

No, someone in the chat says, what if the, Dan says, what if the pilots and crews got a certain number of shares on no?

Oh, it incentivizes on time performance.

They're like, captain, I don't think we could, I don't think we should take off, like, you know, the engine looks like, you know, it's having a little bit of trouble.

is probably just already creating incentivized bonus systems that are already tracked within the airline network.

You don't need CalChi or Polymarket to do any of this stuff.

You think American Airlines doesn't track all of that and create like incentive-based compensation.

Thank you for incentive-based.

You'll just buy, you'll just buy yes on a contract that someone will fly me from Los Angeles to San Francisco.

Exactly.

No, yeah.

And then someone will buy the yes.

fly me there and then they will collect whatever I deposit.

Let's zoom back though because the information point is important.

And you're not wrong.

That's actually, that's a genuine utility that I think a lot of casual people have come.

I always come back to the systems themselves.

So when you talk about sports betting, sure, it's nice necessarily for a casual person like us.

But what is that being propped up on?

And also, what is it incentivizing?

So first of all, your assumption is that the sports line, what is indicative of a market.

Now, that's not even necessarily true, especially whenever it comes to a sports bet.

The line is built in order to hedge what the casino needs plus or minus in terms of the money

for how they're going to break even and or profit whenever it comes to that.

So remember, it's not the true market for what it is.

And the line moves all the time based around the amount of money coming in.

Wales can distort the line.

So let's just remember that whenever it comes to that.

The secondary thing is, again, I don't think that you need Kalshi Polymarket,

fan duel or draft kings to have a general idea of who you think is going to win, especially

when all of this is based, not just on metrics, but on public opinion, on record.

Like for a casual football fan, I can understand the case that you're making.

But my main point is that, you know, potential benefit does not in any way justify, you know,

the immense harm that gambling is doing to the vast majority of Americans.

So I get it, you know, whenever it comes to the.

informational purposes, but sorry, it's just not worth it.

Yeah, so I could, in theory, go to an AI app of my choice and say, hey, ignore the betting

markets.

I want to know who's going to win the World Cup.

Go around and just read everything written by every analyst and do your own research and then

just come back to me with the summary and put it in a percentage odds for me because

I want to know, is it dramatic that France is up right now?

And that adds to my experience of watching, even if I have no money on the line.

I want to see, I want to know if it's a, if it's a comeback.

Yeah, I mean, remember, people watch sports for a long time.

So you're advocating to leverage advanced artificial intelligence.

You're saying we need way more data centers.

Oh, I would not say.

The president said that today.

Did you see it?

No, I didn't see that.

Okay.

Oh, yeah.

I said it.

I texted it to you before I came on.

I was like, guys, this is, this is bait for, for our show.

So I can you let me

Can you let me read it to you?

Please please yeah

Take us through it

And feel free to do an impression

If you want or

Oh Trump

He said Trump

He just hit on soccer bag

We predicted it

Are you gonna share your screen

I wouldn't dare

Bring any of that to you

Okay let's see here

We can have the team

Pull it up too

I just shared it with them too

So they can pull it up

And you can see this

Sorry the data centers

The data centers aren't working very well

We need more

We need more.

Yeah.

There's plenty in my state.

Don't worry.

Well, politics and poll tracker said President Trump comes out as pro-data center and says New York

Governor Kathy Hocchel terminated data centers for, quote, political reasons.

The quote from Trump in this tweet is one of the biggest driving forces in the future for jobs

are data centers.

They are big, strong, bold, and money machines capitalized for the state in which they are built.

And is there anything else from that post that you think is worth digging into?

Well, I thought that the most interesting part of the post is not just his defense of data centers, but is the China piece there at the very end.

And that's kind of been the more interesting part of the debate that I was curious what you guys thought, because I don't know if you saw that Kevin O'Leary, you know, went on Fox News and he accused the opponents of his data center project in Utah being paid by China.

Fox News actually to issue a retraction whenever it came to that claim.

And, you know, I've talked a lot here about the populist kind of energy around.

around the anti-Data Center movement.

And just generally, like, I think this is very obvious

that Trump and a lot of the Silicon Valley guys

are in his ear with their messaging.

They seem to think that this China angle

is going to influence, you know,

this vast general feeling across the nation

of being like, well, hold on a second.

You know, there's just enough viral stories

around noise about land use, about, you know,

just being really unhappy or like having it shoved down their face.

Actually, you know, I was originally going to come here

to talk about housing.

It's very relevant whenever it comes to housing because it gets down to locality and state and local control.

Some of that's bad.

Some of that isn't.

But the data center movement is probably like one of the last gasps, really, of popular Nimbibisom.

And what I mean by that is it's like a popular, you know, most people at this point have turned against NIMBY in terms of the general populace.

I think most people would agree we need more housing.

It's super complicated when we get down to the local level.

But this is one of those last bastions where a large percentage of the public seems really to be against where the president is here on the issue.

They don't believe the stuff about the tax revenue.

A lot of it comes down to prove it to me.

There have been promises.

There's a case here actually in Virginia where I live, Data Center Capital of America.

Where, you know, the data center claimed that they were going to be hooked up to the grid, but then they couldn't for some complicated reason.

Their generator wine is creating like an insane decibels around a neighborhood.

But people there are literally losing it,

stapling plexiglass to their windows so that it's not loud.

Yeah,

it's created a whole crisis here.

Upgrade the energy infrastructure to run more powerful racks.

And so the data center that originally got approved might have been at a very reasonable

level, but then it gets louder over time.

And that's what a lot of people don't like.

On the China issue, I think there's a few things.

First is that I think I agree with you that you can just walk out anywhere into the world

and ask a random person on the street.

What do you think of data centers?

And they're going to say, I don't like them.

And so this is not some like astro-turf nonsense.

Like it's very clear that there is a populist movement against data centers.

That's very obvious.

I believe the polling data.

And then also on the on the question of like, will like we can't lose the race to China or we need to build them here instead of China resonate with Americans.

Like I think average Americans like TEMU.

They like Xi'an.

They like cheap stuff from China.

It's not like people abstractly understand the jobs are important, but they also just are fine with like, yeah, not in my backyard.

or like put it over there.

Well, yeah, I think another way to put it is, I would say, ask most everyday people

and they would rather lose the AI race to China than lose their own job.

Right, exactly.

Thank you.

You guys are just taking my words out of my mouth, man.

That's exactly the point I was going to make.

They're like, lose the race for what, for me to be unemployed?

Yeah.

You know, what is interesting, John, did you see the journal article?

I'm not even saying that.

I'm not saying that's like the correct view, right?

Right.

But to be clear, but I can see exactly why they would believe that.

Yeah.

Right.

And I do think, well, I sent you that journal article a few weeks back where all these tech CEOs, Sam Altman and others, all of a sudden, they're no longer talking about jobs.

Like Dario and Sam and all that were like, well, we actually really misspoke in terms of the way that we were talking a year ago.

Yeah.

You've talked about this too, Jordy, about the way that this was used as a fundraising mechanism.

Whether or not any of that is true, so much of that has now been embodied.

bribed by the general public, that it is like a rock solid belief.

And so, I don't know, I look at the Trump order on the data center, the data center,

the Trump truth posts on the data center issue.

I love how you just assume that since it was on truth social, it also was an executive order.

Right.

I mean, this was an interesting court case.

I had to correct myself because I remember years ago, I covered this as a journalist,

where Trump said, I am declassifying all documents.

And the New York Times used that in court.

They're like, well, Trump said it.

And the DOJ had to say, well, actually, a tweet does not equal an executive order.

So it is not an official presidential announcement, but it is a political judgment.

Nonetheless, the China language, whenever it comes to attacking his home state of New York with data centers.

It's very obvious to me to somebody like kind of got into his ear here on the issue.

And I think it is very compelling.

This Trump knows for certain is that the data center CAPEX spend by a lot of these AI companies is

literally propping up the entire United States stock market, which they desperately need at a time

right now of sky high oil crisis. We're renewing the war with Iran, the oil crisis and all that

stuff that's happening. So it is a very interesting marriage. Like this is one of those marriages

where you could see at the beginning with the inauguration of the tech CEOs that flanked Trump,

you know, during his swearing-in ceremony. But I would not have imagined how much, because I knew

how much they needed him. What I didn't realize is how much he would need them to save them.

them on tariffs and on oil.

Like, if anything, the marriage, like the relationship dynamic has really changed, I think,

for Trump with AI recently.

It felt like they were there for antitrust reasons.

I agree.

I totally agree.

And now it's different.

And Tyler and our team just pulled this post up.

But he was saying they stopped saying I was going to, AI was going to take jobs because

AI has been creating more jobs.

So that is, that is one factor, right?

So we know that I like one thing's for sure we know a lot of big public company CEOs will do a layoff and then say like we did this because of AI and we know that they're lying.

And then we know that there's a bunch of like new company formation.

There's a bunch of new big infrastructure projects happening that are that is because of AI that is creating jobs.

So we like we know there's a lot of like lying about AI job loss, but there's a lot of truth around AI job creation.

And so to Sam's credit, he did say like a few days ago, so far at least I'm pretty sure AI has been that job.

creating this was not what I expected, although I was much less pessimistic than others.

I thought this level of capability we'd have seen some impact.

It is possible.

This direction keeps going.

So that's like the optimistic.

Yeah, there's a lot of these sound bites that go out.

And then either like the reality doesn't match the prediction because the prediction is like 10% chance

of a 10% unemployment rate.

And you just hit the 90%.

And it's like, oh, like, and then it's like, wait, you lied.

And it's like, eh, you were sort of doing this.

weird prediction that was odd. And then also some of the major quotes that go viral,

the one that I always keep coming back to is the Sam Altman in 2015 said like AI will

lead to the end of the world. But in the meantime, great companies will get created. So the next

sentence in that clip is, and I'm starting a company so that it doesn't go poorly.

And that always goes up. Which was open AI. And so there are these things where,

where some of the CEOs will say, like, there's a problem, and we're identifying it early to work on it.

And then when it doesn't happen, people are like, you were, you know, chicken little.

And it's like, no, I was like, chicken little, but I also like reinforced the sky along the way.

But to some of the job, just some of the job displacement things, like, it is this constant

battle of like, is it coming in the future?

It's not really showing up yet, but it's a little bit.

But here, and there's so many other things going on in the economy, that it's very hard to track.

I just think it comes down to control.

And this is why I always talk about with the data center show.

I always talk about this here on the show.

People feel so out of control in your lives.

And, you know, Jordi, whenever you say, like, they're lying,

it doesn't really matter to the person who lost their job.

No, I know.

It also doesn't matter to our friends, right?

Yeah, that's, again, to my earlier point, I can,

they're just sort of trusting the person that employed them,

and the things that they're putting out online as a justification for the layoffs.

Yeah, and then it gets to the data center issue.

It's like, wow, we feel like this is just getting plopped down here,

to do what so that it could fire me so I know somebody my you know sister my cousin or whatever got

fired from this job and now they just want to build even more of it and is this stuff really making

me happy is it making me thriving like that's kind of the interesting point i think you guys were

doing a segment around cars before i always think about this with technology um you know i've had two

wow moments probably with tech in the last like 20 years both were hard tech first was the iphone the iphone

For. Thank you. The iPhone 4, right, which is I will never forget holding that and just

like, oh my God. Like this is it. The second was Tesla. It was full self-driving. It was, those are

the two like holy shit moments that I've had. And I think, you know, look, the Tesla back.

Do you have a, be honest, do you have a bumper sticker on your Tesla that says, I bought this for

the autopilot? Not because I support Elon Musk. You know, I'm neutral on Elon. I'm just pro. I'm

I support autopilot. I do not support Elon Musk.

A lot of my neighbors in Northern Virginia have it. Don't worry. I miss out.

I do think it's a little different with the cyber truck. Those people will definitely have to put that one on their bumper sticker around here.

But yeah, I mean, those are what I just think about here with the AI is that even to this moment, look, making my job more useful on Excel and all that, cool.

Maybe, you know, for some of the spread check jockeys and stuff.

but I still think AI is missing that type of product of moment.

I know OpenAI wants to come out with the new speaker, the design product.

It's kind of interesting.

I was looking at it a little bit earlier.

But that is part of why with the data centers, with the job loss and the feeling of out of control,

especially in the current, like, modern economy.

And John, you know, you've and I have been talking a lot here about housing.

I just can't imagine living in San Francisco where the median price is $1.7 million.

And having been around there for a long time,

even in the general area and be like, what am I getting out of this?

Like it really just feels like so much downward pressure on your ability and you just have to claw your way out.

It's like these larger forces.

I do think that I do think in areas that are not someplace like West Texas that are extremely remote that have massive amounts of energy that are already super pro business.

And any areas that aren't like that, I do think the solution is effectively direct payments to local residents because I just don't, like,

I like people don't believe that oh my you know my town is going to have more tax revenue so that's

going to benefit me because they're probably already upset with how the town is allocating dollars right and

I don't believe like a one-time purchase of like a new school bus or a fire truck is like enough right it needs to be like

okay this thing moved into my area and I'm getting a 500 dollars a month a very tangible benefit and so

I do think I do think there's going to be a lot of these projects that get

to a point where they're at kind of a standstill, and the developers are going to have to say,

hey, like, here's what we're actually going to do. And in a lot of these towns where there's,

like, not that many people and a data center can generate billions of dollars of value,

I think that that's like a fair trade. That's an interesting idea. I definitely think it would

help because it just solves the tangible question of, like, what am I getting us? You know, I mean,

currently, I do read some fun stories about, like, random boo.

who live in, you know, area.

I was just reading one today.

Yeah.

In, like, Pennsylvania where there are these, like, 20 people netted, like, $580 million

selling their land.

I'm like, oh, it must be nice.

They sell it.

Yeah, right, underperforming farmland.

I'm fascinated by this fact that you didn't, that you don't call out, like, the passing

of the touring test as a iPhone moment, as a Tesla full self-driving moment.

What's it done for me?

It's just fascinating to be able to talk to a computer and have it.

talk back. It's just interesting.

But I do think that you're getting at something, which is that

instantiation in the physical world

is much more tangible, memorable.

You were, like, I don't remember where I was

the first time I used chat GPT,

even though I was impressed by the fact that I could talk.

What's it done for me? Wow. It's like,

it's like you already forget that you were crying, laughing.

We gave you a belly laugh.

That's it. Okay. Thank you.

We built that with one codex prompt.

Literally. One codex prompt.

One codex prompt.

One point. Gave you a belly laugh.

Right? How many belly laughs? I can count on, I can probably count on, I can probably count on like two hands how many belly laughs I have a year. Right. And we just gave you one. And that wouldn't have been possible without universal basic belly laugh. That's true. All of the, all of the, uh, endorphins that you gave me were great guys. But you didn't drive me 12 hours. And that's pretty sweet. You know, I just did a 12 hour road trip. I barely, you know, had to touch the wheel. That's, that is a big fucking deal.

when it comes to your own life.

Again, I just come back to the iPhone.

Like iPhone 4, I will literally never forget it.

I don't think most people will either.

It's genuinely why.

It changed the world.

So I do think that there's just, there needs to be that manifestation, like you said, John, in the physical world.

What is this doing for me?

Jordi, your point about paying people, I actually think is a very good idea, at least

because it just shows people like tangibly what I'm getting out of this.

It also would make it so that it can prove that it's actually going to be.

to make money because that's one of the other, you know, worries, I think, for some of the

localities is promise tax revenue is not actual tax revenue in the moment. It's like the stadium

thing, right? You're like, wait, I have to shell out X, Y, and Z and give up all this local

control. And then it's eventually going to come to me in the future, even though there's reams of

data, let's say on stadiums and others that doesn't necessarily work out. So you got to put it in

the context of these bigger projects in a lot of these localities where people have constantly

said, hey, let's do this semi-undesirable thing for you, and eventually it will work out.

I've talked to you guys about the Amazon experience that we had here in Northern Virginia.

The HQ2, right?

Yeah, they're like, we're going to build it.

It's going to be amazing.

Dude, the realtors and all that went crazy.

They're like, oh, don't worry, your house is going to be near HQ2.

And then HQ2 was like, yeah, no, it's just not happening.

And we were like, oh, okay.

You know, it's like, that's a very scarring experience, I think, for a lot of people.

Yeah.

On housing, I want to do a quick tier list of ideas.

ideas to solve the housing crisis.

You can rank them.

Tell me how they resonate with you.

First would be national permitting reform, fast approvals, much quicker at the national level.

Depends what you mean by that.

So they kind of just did national permitting reform at the housing bill.

It just became law like two days ago.

I don't know if you saw that.

But that is very, I mean, you can actually go and you could plug it into an AI if you want to.

And you can even ask, hey, how much is this going to?

impact national housing. It's like, well, not really, right? Because all it does is it potentially

sends more funds to localities which speed up housing, but not enough to actually make a meaningful

difference. For what you're talking about, John, you would need a national permitting reform,

which effectively allows, okay, let me explain it this way. You know police departments where the feds

suspect that they're racist, they can come in and just take it over? This is value neutral,

it turns my judgment. I'm saying it exists, a consent degree. Yeah. That's basically what you would need.

You would need like X amount units were not approved.

The Department of, let's say, housing and urban development, whatever, can come in, look at your books and be like, yeah, this is not happening.

Because zoning reform at the local level is the single biggest impediment to actually building more housing.

And this is where the trust issue comes for me.

You have to make it so that it's actually housing people want.

Like one of the biggest beefs with Yimbis is a lot of them are childless.

And they just want to live in a downtown area for $1,800 a month.

And I'm like, yeah, you know, if you have kids, that's not really what you want, right?

I've talked to you about Levittown.

One of my favorite books of all time is the Oxford history of the United States.

It's called Great Expectations.

It's about 1945 to the 1970s.

Man, you got to study the suburbanization of America and the ingenuity for building these levittowns,

these suburban, highly packed together, single family.

residences, 1,500, 2,000 square feet. You have sidewalks. They became family hubs, like,

for being able to walk different places. No garage in some cases. We have carports. It was cheap,

and it was not like McMansion living. That would literally be impossible today, even if you wanted

to build it. And, you know, the testament to that is those original levittowns now go for like

700,000 bucks. Like they are not at starter home levels. And you couldn't even buy it

because a lot of the way that the localities, in the places even that they were built,

the lots and other things are zoned so that you couldn't even build a house that small today.

So how do you solve that at a national level?

It's so difficult.

Around where I live, there's some very lovely trailer parks, right?

And I was like, this seemed, and I was like, oh, why aren't we building more trailer parks?

And so I just, I went to, you know, my favorite AI chat app.

And I started having a conversation.

And very quickly figured out that like trying to create a new trailer park anywhere, like close to anywhere you'd actually want to live is just like so incredibly hard.

It's impossible.

And it does feel like that is the way that you get like a two bedroom, two bathroom for, you know, how do you make a two bedroom two bathroom that, you know, where like the actual up cost to create the unit is like $100,000.

You have some small fee that you're paying every month for amenities or whatever it is.

And it just like that to me feels like I've seen some of these communities where they're like incredible.

They're safe.

Like families love them.

Again, there's tradeoffs.

You don't have the massive garage and all the square footage, but like totally livable for a young family.

And I know plenty of families that could basically buy any house they want in L.A.

And they spend like half the year living in, you know, a trailer park, right?

Just because it's like very enjoyable.

So I do think that that's a solution.

And I would hope that there's some way to, you know, 100x the approval rate of even new communities like that.

Exactly.

Just to get people into a space so they feel like.

Yeah, you're talking about the lowest of the low level, like in terms of entry point.

I'm not against that at all.

I want to build this stuff everywhere, not just trailer parks.

Like I want to build these Levittown style houses.

but this is the market dynamic, John.

I do have to go in a few minutes if that's okay.

But, John, one thing that I do want to emphasize is this is where the feds guaranteeing

some of the fees and other things that the developers have to pay is really important.

This is what I learned from that book is that we were heavily subsidizing a lot of those

initial fees which drive up a lot of the cost, the approval, and it creates the market incentive

for the developer.

Right now, a lot of the developers, when they do build these new housing units, they need

to make profit.

So that means they're going to build within the existing zoning structure and for the customer, usually a boomer or a very, very rich person who can afford to buy at a high and a premium level, which means that the so-called starter home is now part of this very limited amount of housing stock.

And that's what prices it.

You know, here in Northern Virginia, those 1960s ranchers, which are, I mean, they're not big, 2,500 square feet, something like that.

They are going for a million dollars.

In a good school district, $1 million.

right so a million dollars for a 1960s barely renovated rancher this is the story i think across

the entire nation so the permitting rates where there are like 400,000 dollars a combined family

income to afford it it's a lot go yeah 400 grand income or you need to have a VA loan or something

like that otherwise you're cooked it's not happening anyway we'll solve it on the next appearance

soccer thank you here's an idea i want you to sit with i want you to sit with before you leave

Soggers razor is the idea that any, any, any sort of positive impact of prediction markets can be

delivered with powerful AI.

Oh, wow.

Hoggum's razor.

Yes.

Soggers razor.

I like it.

Guys, seriously, thank you for the bet thing.

It made me, I can't wait to show my wife.

Yeah, we'll send you the link.

It is so funny.

We'll send you the link.

Yeah.

I appreciate the time.

Hopefully you don't spend all, all night staying up playing it.

It can be addictive.

It can be addictive, these things.

It is addictive.

I wouldn't be surprised if you get sucked into it.

All right.

We'll see you later.

Have a good one.

We'll talk to you, see you.

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agent to deploy web apps, servers, databases, and more,

while Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

Sager always gets the people going in the chat.

Always, always.

But we really enjoy these conversations.

and I think it's super important to have conversations with people that are outside of our little beautiful technology bubble.

Yes.

Yes.


---


Well, we have our next guest joining in just a few minutes.

There are a few posts in the timeline that we can run through.

A quick news hit.

We talked about Paramount yesterday and the potential that David Ellison would be taking Paramount outside of California as a response to a

Attorney General Rob Bonta, potentially blocking the Warner Brothers Discovery and Paramount deal.

Now, Tennessee is courting Paramount and the studio is allegedly considering it, according to the Hollywood reporter.

Just wanted to give everyone a quick update there.

In other news, Italy's oldest dairy taps new way to borrow against cheese.

This is huge.

An Italian dairy just raised 10 million euros by securitizing wheels of age.

cheese through an SPV.

The cheese SPV is great.

Private credit is reportedly circling the structure next.

I would love for a cheese bubble.

Who knows, maybe keep it in the fondue.

I want some exposure.

Yeah, get it on it while you can.

Well, our next guest is from Atheon Fund.

George is in the waiting room.


---


Let's bring in the founder and CEO.

He's launching an AI-powered hedge fund.

George, how are you doing?

I'm great. Thanks for having me on.

Thanks for helping on.

Please introduce yourself for everyone.

Who's watching?

So I've been in investing for a long time.

I started in value investing when I was 17.

I actually taught myself accounting to get that job.

I lost little faith in the fundamentals, you know, the fundamentals, you know, things like price to earnings ratio.

As I kind of saw some holes appear, got a lot more interested in AI and actually was able to parlay a novel, more

algorithm that I put together, actually in Excel at that time, into an AI company.

That was interesting for a while, but in 2019, I started a company called Prospero AI

because I thought that data was going to be a lot more valuable than models in the long

term and just technology overall. And we kind of had a couple approaches to that. One is we

focused on compression. So basically complexity in the back end, simplicity in the front and the

user interface. And then we were pressure testing those signals, looking at edge cases with the

public, which I think is one of the best ways to do that, especially because not a lot of hedge funds

get to have that kind of testing. As we evolved that, we also saw some very interesting data,

and this is part of our thesis, where the more trust we have from the public, the more follow-on

and kind of a self-fulfilling prophecy gets created. And a lot of that was the thought behind what we

started with Athon recently. And we're basically taking these signal libraries from Prospero.

We're expanding into like my R&D backlog that, you know, a startup wasn't able to dip into as much.

And then we essentially feed it into, you know, some of the world's best LLMs.

We create thousands of strategies with that. And then from those strategies, we figure out

intelligent ways to, you know, combine them to work in many different markets, to opportunistically

allocate amongst them.

That's what aathon is.

We have a lot of excitement behind, like, the risk and reward combination that that creates

and obviously have a big launch for a fund.

So fund is already closed.

You're deploying it already.

Like, where are you at in the process?

So we have an agreement with, you know, the fund of funds that we're dealing with.

We have, you know, some traditional LP capital as well.

we expect to actually launch in August, September at the latest.

What data sources are being unlocked this year that were previously,

they're too expensive, too manual?

We've heard, everyone tells the story of like the hedge fund that's looking at Walmart

parking lots with satellites to determine if they're going to beat earnings.

But what are the interesting sources of data that you're seeing pop up around the industry

these days?

Oh, I mean, I think a lot of that's exactly.

Like I've been talking about real-time credit card swipes, camera data, satellite images, you know, for a long time.

I mean, I think some of the interesting ones that I'm starting to hear are coming from like the medical field.

I think a lot more people are starting to use interesting data sets there.

But I think most of the interesting things going on are in this, you know, signal compression.

Like one of the smartest guys I know on Wall Street is starting a firm that is,

is focused on like data containerization.

And I think that's a really good way to look at basically

all of these alternative data sets mostly established

giving people kind of intelligent access to them

that's kind of minimizing their training costs

while also getting a broad exploration of the data.

What does data containerization mean exactly?

I believe it's like a new term that, you know,

his carbon arc is the firm that, you know, I've heard from them.

but I happen to think they're very sharp.

I've been on a panel with Kirk who runs it,

you know, essentially taking, you know, the same concept as, you know,

dividing up compute, but basically packaging data sets in these smaller components,

not like accessing a huge credit database.

Accessing it in only the ways that are relevant to the, you know,

that current training iteration, for example.

Cool.

Where do you want the fund to go?

Where do you want the firm to go?

Do you imagine adopting multiple strategies, going into other asset classes?

How do you see this growing over the next decade?

Certainly, I think we want to go into a lot more asset classes as we grow.

The way we kind of look at this is, you know, we will test strategies within our existing

signal libraries.

Then we expand our signal libraries.

And some of that will be chasing down, you know, different asset classes, different

arbitrage opportunities, you know, even similar asset classes in.

different countries. Then we kind of feed that into, you know, the broader system and do kind of

the data compression thing that we're really good at and then say, hey, we might start mixing

and matching a lot of these different strategies in kind of these larger waterfalls. And then,

you know, amongst these different waterfalls combinations of, you know, strategy, opportunistic

strategy allocations, we might then say, hey, divide the capital we have between 10 of them,

20 of them and just become more and more distributed.

That makes a ton of sense.

Well, thank you so much for coming on the show and breaking it down.

Yeah, good to meet you.

Rest of your week and we'll talk to you soon.

Good luck.

Have a good one.

Grab me on.

Cheers.

Codex is a powerful workspace for getting work done with AI agents.

Whether you're writing code, analyzing data, creating content or automating business workflows,

Codex helps you move projects forward from start to finish.

And our next guest is with us from Emergent with a huge, huge series C.


---


Let's bring in McCrude.

How are you doing?

Welcome to the show.

Hi, John, I'm doing great. How are you?

Congratulations.

Give us a quick introduction, reintroduction to the company, and tell us the news.

Yeah, I'm so excited to be here.

So, Emergent is an AI platform that allows non-technical business owners build and deploy

production-grade applications.

And we are increasingly becoming an operating system for small and medium businesses to become more AI-native.

We just recently announced $130 million C-Round at $1.5 billion.

Congratulations.

Congratulations.

Fantastic.

There's,

right now, I mean, it feels like, obviously,

there's a ton of knowledge retrieval that's happening

and with AI in enterprises and businesses.

There's also agentic workflows

that once they are established,

they are running in, they're doing inference,

but they're doing that 24-7,

even while the workers are asleep.

And then there's the different work,

which is helping you build new deterministic systems,

whether that's vibe coding,

agentic engineering, context engineering, all of that.

What has been the bigger driver more recently?

Has it been coming in,

understanding a manual workflow for a company,

building a AI powered system that can do that on repeat forever,

and then moving on to the next problem,

or has it just been enabling business users and engineers

to constantly work with AI and build new systems?

iteratively.

Yeah, so for us, like most of our users are non-technical, almost 80% of our users are non-technical.

And these are business operators, you know, who are running small and medium businesses

across the globe.

And we are a platform where they can come in and in national language describe what

they want to build, both agents and applications.

And we have, you know, people who are building customs, CRMs, ERPs, inventory management

tool.

A lot of the business critical tools that they are building right now is getting deployed,

you know, on Emergent.

And the power is that most of these people understand their business really well.

They understand the domain.

They understand the problems that they're trying to solve.

But haven't had access to technology teams or dev shops, quality dev shops, to sort of really build these software.

And because we are able to bring the cost down dramatically for them, they're able to experiment and really accelerate their business today.

Where are you finding customers?

You're at over 100 million of ARR, 200,000 customers.

Where are they all coming from?

Yeah, so we are actually fairly well distributed right now.

One third of our revenue comes from North America, one third from Europe, one third from Asia.

And, you know, most of these users are essentially, you know, non-technical business owners right now.

And there is a huge variety of, you know, breadth of users coming, you know, from people who are running hospitals to people who are running factories to, you know, people who are running travel agencies, all of them coming in, building their own sort of, you know, production grade software.

Where's the sweet spot right now for AI adoption in your customer base?

Because when I hear custom CRM system, I think small business that is sort of starting fresh.

Like at TBPN, we have 10 employees and we have built a whole bunch of custom internal systems.

But if we were a thousand person company or a 10,000 person company, it's a much different conversant

even as powerful as the tools are to rip out a sales force.

And that's certainly not showing up with the lack of the SaaSpocalypse that didn't really

materialize in revenue declines for the SaaS companies.

And so am I correct in thinking that like the smaller, more agile, smaller businesses are

potentially more ready to adopt custom tooling that's built from AI agents like your own?

Yeah, totally, totally.

I mean, the users that are coming to our platform are traditionally businesses that have been running

on top of emails, WhatsApp, spreadsheets.

And now they're trying to digitize themselves.

Many of them are actually new entrepreneurs

who understand their domain really well,

have a new idea that they want to build.

And essentially, a lot of these small businesses,

I mean, I believe that they're going to just skip the SaaS cycle

and move to the AI cycle directly.

And that's what we are seeing right now.

A lot of these businesses have a lot of excitement

and they understand their domain really well

and they're able to relate with the problems that they're solving.

And they come in on the platform,

try to build something simple, like a landing page first,

and then they sort of go on to building more complex use cases on the platform.

Yeah.

From your work in Asia, do you have any insight?

We've always heard this stat that like 90% of Americans don't like AI.

In China, it's reversed.

90% love AI.

Do you have any insight into what the mood, the topics of conversation are in India

or other parts of Asia outside of just the U.S.-China dynamic?

Yeah, I think there's a lot of excitement in India.

across, you know, on the board for AI.

And I think, you know, adoption is increasing at a very, very fast pace right now.

And, you know, I think we recently had this AI summit also in India, you know, last year.

That brought a lot of excitement.

And generally, I think, you know, like, everybody is super excited about, you know, using these tools, you know,

and we also have, like, a large developer base.

So codex, code, all of those things are really popular.

And, you know, people are finding new ways to use AI to sort of accelerate their businesses today.

Sure, sure.

What about employment?

I remember listening to sort of an AI

Dumer who was talking about

the risk that AI would create mass unemployment

internationally because some of the outsourced

BPO's or call center work

would be displaced immediately.

I've been tracking those employment numbers

and I haven't seen a massive falloff,

but do you have any insight into

what's happening in the international labor market?

I mean, right now, I think at least for a short period of time, like, I feel that's what we are seeing, that employment is going to go up because, you know, like, especially like in domains like software and a bunch of those things, where, you know, as software is becoming cheaper and cheaper to build, I think, you know, like the demand and the need for software is actually accelerating.

So we are seeing, you know, jobs actually increase.

But, you know, as we get closer and AI has become more powerful, you know, like trends in change.

Yeah.

What are you hearing from your customers on demand for closed source frontier expensive tokens versus laggard models versus open source models?

Like how quickly, do you abstract all of that cost consideration?

Or do you have opinionated users that say, I want to use a 5.6 soul or a fable because I heard something about that abstractly, but I want to use it within your harness and within your product?

Yeah, so typically we actually abstract those things out

and we have a model router which figures out

depending on your request, what is the best model to use.

Even during the execution, we would switch to open source

or some of the cheaper models if you see the task is

relatively cheap to do.

And in fact, as all the labs are pushing out

on this test time compute, the cost of buildings actually going up

even though token prices are doing the same.

And up in time, we see that, you know,

like there is a sweet spot

affordability and price and value that we're trying to keep.

Yeah.

And increasingly we're seeing that, you know, like now that frontier models are getting really

really good and open sources are getting really good.

This mixture approach is what is working really well for us.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's fascinating just being in this era where for the first time in my life, certainly, like

technology has a marginal cost.

And we're all talking like railroad parents now or manufacturing, you know,

You know, it's just so different from the world of zero marginal cost.

Yeah, the other thing is just how many companies doing functionally the same thing can all be growing so quickly, right?

Like, certainly you have a lot of competitors from labs to lovable, rep blitz, all these companies, and yet you're all doing really, really well.

They're fantastic businesses.

And it's cool to see.

Yeah, I think there's a huge amount of latent demand in the market right now.

as people really discover the power to build things.

And eventually we think that product that is able to deliver, you know,

final outcome to the users is eventually going to win.

And I think that's where we are doing really good.

Yeah, that's amazing.

Well, congratulations.

Great update.

Congrats to the whole team.

Thank you so much.

Thank you so much for me.

Have a good one.

We want to change the world, raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

We also have some amazing breaking news.

The all-time record has been hit

for a dinosaur sold at auction. Sotheby's just sold Gus, the T-Rex, for $50.1 million.

Finally.

Someone's doing the math.

183 bones going into this T-Rex.

That's $273,000 per bone.

Oh, interesting.

But the sum is greater than its parts in this case.

This is truly an incredible example.

I do wonder how many.

Imagine having this in the Ultradome.

I feel like many, yes, I agree.

I feel like many dinosaur skeletons are often found with some bones missing, and so they have to recreate some of those.

I wonder, this is probably an extremely complete example, but I wonder how many, how complete it actually is relative to what's possible, like the theoretical max.

In other news, last year, just 20% of adults accounted for more than 80% of all books read.

And this account says, wow, 20% accounted for 80%.

An unprecedented and unique dynamic.

I mean, there are people that just churn through books.

And I mean, if you count the number of books that you read to a small child, it's like four or five books a day, right?

You're putting up like five books a day, right?

You're rivaling color count for a day.

Yeah.

10, 5.

Yeah.

Something like that?

Yeah.

Pretty good.

Pretty good.

You add that up.

You're probably,

do they count parents reading children's books in this step?

Because that changes everything.

Because a parent will honestly read thousands of books.

Cat in the Hat might get read 100, 200 times in a single year.

That's going to throw off the statistic.

I'll read the same book every night for sometimes weeks straight.

Yes, I know.

And we've all been there.

Anyway, moving on.

Breaking news from McGargov.

Thinking Machines just launched a new model.

and it's open weight.

It's called inkling.

Interesting.

Incling reasons efficiently across text image and audio modalities.

We are making the full weights available.

Fun on Hugging Face probably.

Well, we'll have to go check it out.

See how it benchmarks.

See how it reviews.

See if it can do our benchmarks, our internal tests.

See how it stacks up.

But up next, we have Russ Tedrake,

co-founder and CEO of Walden Robotics,

joining us for the first time with an next.

exciting launch. How are you doing, Russ? Welcome to the show. I'm well. How are you?

We're great. We're doing great. Thank you so much for taking the time on a big day. Please introduce yourself a little bit, the company, and then we can go into the news.

Awesome. Yeah, so I'm Russ. I've been a professor at MIT for about 21 years. Wow. 10 years ago,

Toyota started a lab right next to MIT and right next to Stanford. So I helped, I was the SVP of robotics and then large behavior models at

TRI. And now I guess I do podcasts right after Gus the T-Rex. You made a chapter.

just came out of stealth today. Super excited about it. We're deploying general purpose robots,

you know, powered by physical AI. They are, we are super focused on manufacturing,

super focused on deployments. I think the next great lessons for physical AI, they have been

in the field. You know, we have to deploy these robots, figure.

out how to mesh them with the manufacturing processes that are already fantastic.

Okay, you're out of South now, so your competitors are going to be picking over your launch

video and any podcast that you do trying to figure out how you're thinking differently.

How do you think differently about these use cases versus maybe some of the other companies

in the category so far?

There are a lot of robotics companies now, right?

I mean, it's actually awesome.

It's probably exhausting for you guys.

We love anything but another CRM, maybe.

Not to pick on the CRM founders of which we love.

Okay, but there are a few things that are finite in the world.

I think one of them actually is the number of big strategics that can really take this the distance.

So one of the things that's just very different about us is that we've got a huge relationship with Toyota.

and now we're building new relationships with,

if you've seen the announcement,

we're working with Boeing, with Samsung,

Pelos, we've got an incredible team of that,

you know,

kind of the best you could possibly ask for

in terms of advancing manufacturing.

Yeah.

And then why is a partnership like that so exciting in this category?

So using the CRM example,

if the founder came on and said,

like, we're partnered with this big company,

and you'd be like, okay, well, like,

what's the most they could pop?

possibly spend on CRM, and it would be like, maybe it's like $5 million a year or $10 million.

Oh, it's not that.

But for you, I could imagine Toyota spending effectively like billions of dollars a year

on robotics over time. Is that why starting with the future?

It's not the capital. I mean, the capital is flowing. I mean, you have to be able to move

capital to be successful, but that's table stakes. I think. So robots are hard, right?

It's going to take a long time. And you have to think about not just building the core

technology. You have to think about manufacturing it at scale. You need to think about

distribution, you know, marketing, insurance. How do you repair them, you know, in locations

all over the world? So if you look across like all industries on what kind of a partner

would you want for this, I think the automakers are in a really good shape, you know, for

putting out things of this complexity at scale, you know, having a dealership in every town. I think

there's a lot of reasons to really like the automakers as a real leverage point on this.

Do you have an idea of the scale of robotics deployments currently in the auto industry?

Obviously, you're very close to Toyota, but even 20 years ago, we all saw, you know, the, you know, the robotic arm,

putting the windshield on the car, moving the heavy frame.

So it's not like there's never been a robot in an auto plant.

The question is just, what is the next step?

I think there's some companies that are betting on going straight shot to humanoids.

I think you're taking a more iterative approach.

But what does the walk-crawl run of building a car with a robot actually look like?

Okay.

So it's really important to start by acknowledging that there are a ton of robots in factories already.

Right.

So welding, painting, you know, there's places where big robots have been extremely successful for decades.

We're also seeing co-bots all over the place, AMRs all over the case, Autonomous Mobile Robots,

all over the case.

This is like really successful.

But there are still a bunch of tasks

that are fundamentally hard to automate.

Sometimes impossible, sometimes

just too expensive, right?

They're kind of one-offs or we run one robot

to do multiple tasks.

There is a disruptive technology

from physical AI.

And the fundamental question is like,

how is this going to change the way we think

about manufacturing?

And it's not just, here's one job

that we couldn't automate before.

this is completely going to change the equation for how we think about production.

It's going to make a data-enabled factory.

It's going to change variability in manufacturing process in a way that could really change the fundamental production systems.

So we're trying to introduce this core technology of general purpose robots.

And then I've heard you guys ask before about sort of the special purpose versus the general purpose.

I do think there's another future of those robots specializing into.

more narrow applications and getting, you know, something that's really task-specific.

But I think there's a time right now where the generalists will come in and do a lot of the

tasks that have been hard to automate. We'll get the data, we'll bring this new capability,

and then there'll be a second round of automation where you go in and the tasks that are

worth special purpose, you know, they're valuable enough for a special purpose robot.

Then you'll go in and you'll optimize and you'll make your, you know, your special purpose

robot for those tasks.

Well, the robot, the general purpose robot would hopefully make a special purpose robot.

That's of course right.

Actually, that's real.

Robots are building robots.

Yeah, what was, I'm assuming over the last 20 years, you had a million opportunities, a million VCs that said, hey, why don't you spin out and build the robotics company?

What made you maybe pass then and do it now?

Yeah, so I've been watching the capabilities mature.

We were at Toyota research.

we were actually some of the core innovators on some of the algorithms that really kind of, you know, started this boom in physical AI, watched them get better and better.

But a lot of things had to align.

So, I mean, certainly the capital started flowing.

The amount of talent coming into the space is flowing.

I think the awareness from the customer's perspective of what is going to have to happen and just the readiness there.

And I've watched a lot of people think about the different business models and sort of explore things.

And I took the time to really think hard about that.

What is the business model that I really believe in that's going to make the unit economics work, that's going to make a durable business.

And all of those things have aligned, including backing from Toyota and our other core strategics.

And this is the moment.

Does the business model actually matter that much?

Because we've talked to people who are saying, I'm going to build a robot and sell it.

It's going to be very expensive.

Others say we're going to finance it.

It's going to be a subscription plan.

We're going to sell the work.

At the same time, yes.

to a manufacturer who's buying a robot, a million dollar purchase can be expensive, but they have

access to debt lines. They can finance these things on their side. And so when you say business model,

is this just financial innovation sliding around the payments plan, or is there more to it than

that? No, no. I think, I mean, the hardware cost is expensive. The AI training costs are expensive

until you've amortized it across a large fleet. So everything,

It's kind of painful and expensive in the sort of small quantities.

That's actually one of the reasons why we focused on manufacturing.

I think you want to find tasks that are super high utilization.

You want the robot to be running three shifts if you can, right?

You want to all week long, right?

You want to find places where there's a high value of the work that's being done.

And there's a really good match for that in manufacturing.

And then as the economics play out, the unit economics become very favorable

because you're training a model once and deploying it across,

huge fleet and all the things sort of improve with scale, the bomb cost of the robot goes down.

But how do you get there from here, right?

I think you have to be thoughtful to make a business that can actually make money.

Is the recent story of the most recent robotics boom driven more by non-deterministic software,

generative AI unlocking the ability to do more with the physical designs that we have?

or is there also an acceleration in the power and efficiency and capability of motors and actuators and robotic arms and the actual hardware side of the business?

Because it feels like the really unique thing that everyone's like drawn to every moment is the software side, the generative AI, the ability to deal with never-before-seen scenarios.

Yeah, and it's everyday people or people, every person in the tech industry having like a magical moment.

with an AI model in the workplace and just thinking like, well, this seems a lot more possible now to do something in the physical world.

I mean, there's no question that the AI was the unlock.

And it's not just like making an MCP entry point for your existing robot API.

It's actually we've dug down deep into the stack and used generative models to command robot low-level behaviors in ways that make them much more dexterous.

That's no question that that is the big thing.

But along the way, the hardware has gotten so much better.

And it's not just pointing to one actuator.

Of course, we've had improvements in actuators and batteries and all the others.

But it's the entire supply chain.

The whole ecosystem has put us in a position where you can start a robotics company.

We've got a robot that we built.

We started the company in January.

We've got a brand new robot that was a twinkle in my hardware leads eye in January.

And now it's out.

Seems like he's walking around behind you.

rolling around behind you?

We have so many robots running around.

The frost and glass is a real tease, I got to say.

You've got to get clear glass the next time.

Or at least electrochromatic so you can turn it off when you're on an interview.

But it's exciting progress.

How much did you raise?

Tell us.

Yeah, 300 million.

That's the number we wanted.

That's fantastic.

I get it gone for that.

Awesome.

And thank you for coming on the show and bringing it down for us.

So great to meet you.

Fantastic. Rest of your day. Congratulations to the launch, and we'll talk to you soon.

Shopify is the commerce platform that grows with your business and lets you sell in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social, on marketplaces.

And now with AI agents. Our next guest is former Virginia governor, Glenn Yonkin, who is joining Red Cell Partners as partner and chairman.

We're very honored to have him join us today. How are you doing, Glenn? Welcome to the show.

I'm doing great, guys. Thanks for having me. Love your show. And it's just a thrill.

to be here. I mean, to have a chance to talk about tech as opposed to politics, I'm all in.

It's very funny. I was reading to Wikipedia. And I was like, okay, I got to skip all this

politics stuff. Get to the Carlisle era. I want to talk about Carlisle. I want to talk about your journey.

But first, just get us up to speed on what's happening today, Red Cell Partners, how you met, Grant,

the story there, what you're hoping to achieve. Yeah, well, first of all, I've known Grant for standing

for a while and just admired the work he's doing.

And he's built an awesome firm at Red Cell that is really transforming the way venture capital works where the actual founders are part of Red Cell.

And they bring scaling capital and operating support in order to incubate and then grow businesses internally.

And then they help them find customers.

And what's really neat is it's kind of a different kind of entrepreneur.

I mean, their basic view is that there may be entrepreneurs that think about the best technology,

but guess what?

A case officer at the CIA has got a problem that he or she's trying to solve.

She might actually, or he might be the right CEO, and let's bring the right technology to go solve

that problem for them.

And that's the whole approach.

And as a result, they have cranked out some awesome companies that are doing crazy, neat things.

everything from Trace, which is the governance layer that sits on top of your AI platform that

really manages your agents.

You know, who comes in, who goes out, you get an audit who's there.

So in the healthcare world, in the national security world that are heavily regulated,

it's the kind of capability that you need.

They just closed just under $110 million round for that business.

It's growing like crazy.

They've done some cool hardware, which is really addressing data center power needs.

Guess what? Data centers swallow a ton of power.

And if you can find a way both at the semiconductor level

and at the operations level to conserve power,

you can absolutely do that.

That's what Claris does.

Hunted Labs is really cool.

It actually finds nefarious third parties

in open architecture, AI applications.

And they find bad Russian guys

who are making their way

and stuff that they shouldn't have access to.

But this is the kind of stuff that Red Cell is doing.

And I have to say, you know,

coming out of my most recent job as governor where we just grew the state like crazy and we're

bringing businesses in to be able to partner with guys who have big ideas and big ambitions.

It's really awesome.

That's great.

Incredible.

Is there, how, how hard are the edges around the thesis of the fund?

Because there's many funds that are heavily thesis driven.

Some others are just like the right entrepreneur at the right time might be going into a weird

market might be going into something that doesn't even seem like that big of a business,

but years later you find out that it's, that it becomes a monster.

So how are you thinking about the balance between being thesis driven, value ad, and just

backing, you know, extraordinary entrepreneurs who maybe have a vision of the future that

even you can't quite clearly see?

Yeah.

Well, one of my big learnings at 25 years at Carlisle is it's all about the leader.

it's all about the visionary.

And sometimes visionaries want to take you a place that maybe not everybody understands,

but listen, you're really happy you got on the train with them when they got there.

And so there is a real balance here to make sure that you're not being overly dogmatic

about what you're going to back and what you're not.

In fact, you know, Red Cells got a particular investment right now that they're incubating

that's really focused on the elderly health care market.

It's a place that really isn't attracting a lot of attention right now because folks are worried about it.

But let me tell you, it's going to be a big hit because that's a giant market.

And so oftentimes, running where everybody else is going isn't really the place to be.

And what I found during my 25 years at Carlisle boast as an incredibly active investor,

but also when I had the great privilege of being co-CEO is you've got to back people.

And that's what it's all about.

It is great talent.

And when you find great talents, oftentimes the right thing to do is to let them run.

Can you actually take us back in time?

I believe you joined Carlisle in 1995.

What was the core thesis of the firm?

How much infrastructure was there?

I know you were incredibly involved in building Carlisle as a business as well as doing deals.

But what was the first day on the job like?

What were the first couple of years like?

How was the firm evolved?

in the mid-90s.

Well, you guys have started and grown businesses,

and so you know that there's always the moment in time

where you wish it was further along than it was.

When I joined Carlisle,

they had already had some real big successes.

And David Rubenstein, Bill Conway, and Dan Danielo,

had already demonstrated that they were extraordinary investors

and were building a great business.

But it was still very much the entrepreneurial environment.

And I'll never forget the first day I got there.

First of all, I didn't have a phone.

I didn't have a computer.

And David Rubenstein went running by my office.

I've been there for about an hour.

And he said, don't worry, we're going to raise some money.

It's going to be okay.

And I sat there and I said, wait a minute.

Wait a minute.

You didn't tell that to me when you were recruiting me.

So that is the awesome part about these fast-growing energy-filled environments, which

sure, it's all about getting it done. And that pulls people in who want to go 24-7, who want to

change the world, who want to do something that hadn't been done before. And it's the exact same

energy that Red Cell has now. I mean, literally, you sit in their big, big, big conference room

and they bring a bunch of their CEOs in and investment professionals and a lot of their advisors.

And it is just racing at breakneck speed to keep up with the ideas on how to be.

grow, how can they bring a technological solution that's at one of their portfolio companies to

aid another one? Or a great technology that sits inside one of the portfolio companies that's not

being really commercialized in the right way. Can you spin it out and actually drive capital

and opportunity? So that is so exciting to me. I have to say when I was governor, I had this

awesome group of people around me who came to Grove, Virginia. And we had this same environment.

All right, what can we do to actually put a rocket fuel on the back of this great opportunity?

And that's what I'm hoping we get a chance to do a lot more of at Red Cell.

Can you take me through the story of the Kinder Morgan transaction, what that was like, what that meant to you in your career at that moment, what it did for Carlisle?

Yeah, so for those of you who don't know, Kinder Morgan was at the time one of, if not the largest take private in business.

It was enormous.

And it was, for me, an opportunity to lead it for the Carlisle team, kind of a breakout opportunity as a professional.

But the coolest thing about it was Rich Kinder, who was the chairman and CEO at the time and the majority shareholder, was just an extraordinary, I mean, leader to work with.

I mean, I kept a notebook of just great management and leadership lesson.

from being able to sit at the table with Rich Kinder

during that entire transaction

about how do you serve customers,

how do you grow talent,

how do you think about expanding

and opening up brand new markets

where you might not have had a footprint,

but there's a real opportunity.

And for me, at that stage in my career,

it was an absolutely transformative opportunity.

By the way, it was a great deal to all the investors did it very, very well.

And I look back on that,

and I will tell you that one of the great, great business

business builders of all time was Rich Kinder.

What did you learn from international expansion throughout your career at Carlisle?

Well, it was also, I think, one of the great opportunities for a young guy.

When I was 33, I had a chance to go over and run our London office.

And I had Middle East, North Africa, Russia.

I had some really new territories that I'd never been to before.

And at that stage of your career, you know, you've one got to make sure you have good mentors to talk to, to say, hey, wait a minute.

You know, I'm getting ready to, I'm getting ready to go to Moscow for the first time.

You know, what should I be aware of?

All the way to, listen, we've got this investment opportunity.

And I'm not sure I've seen one like this before.

Where do I go in order to get input?

But I have to say, one of the things that I loved about Carlisle, for the every day of the 25 years I was there,

which was David Bill and Dan believed in growth.

And they believed that they could take young people

and put them in search situations

that they might not have been in before and stretch them.

And I got to tell you, that's why I was there for 25 years.

I loved every minute of it.

And every day was exciting.

And international growth is one of those places

where if you do it well, you can have tremendous success.

But let me tell you, if you do it poorly,

it can really wipe out a great business.

Yeah, what was the focus or like the key unlock?

Is it hiring driven?

Is it bringing over the right people from the existing team,

educating them, getting them up to speed, hiring from the local market?

Like, take me a click deeper on that.

Well, the answer is all of the above.

And you hit it right on the nose.

So you first have to have people who are, I'm going to call it geographic experts.

Sure.

You know, subject matter experts.

Yeah, yeah.

How do we perform in a new geography, in a new culture, most likely in a place where English is not the primary language?

And how do we do really well?

Second of all, how do we bring what we do and make sure that we continue to do our business in a way that's consistent with our values so that it's Carlisle or whatever company it is in this new geography?

And then finally, and I just think matching deeply experienced folks with young taxpayers.

that wants to run is a great mix.

And you know, you look back, Carlisle expanded around the world,

I will tell you, our business in Japan,

which we were one of the very first movers into Japan,

it was an incredibly tough market for a non-Japanese firm.

And it became and has become one of the biggest markets around.

And that was part of the key strategy of hire local,

make sure that we have consistent values,

but let people run and do what they can do best.

And then I can't imagine.

It translates into new areas.

So, you know, we got into this area of secondaries, which is liquidity around LP interests.

And let me tell you back when we first got started and bought Alpenvest, you know, that was not

a business that people thought much of.

And I think Alpenvest, and I just read about it at the newspaper today because I've been

out of Carlisle for six years, but I think they raised $20 billion last year.

to provide liquidity into the private investment market.

It's a huge part of allowing investors to expand their exposure and to bring more capital,

which is why I'm excited about what red cells do.

Yeah, because they are bringing a new idea into venture capital,

and they are raising money.

I can't talk much about it because they're in the market now.

But, you know, they have a substantial capital capability to help companies grow,

but they're also bringing trusted and brand-name partners, venture partners of other funds in to help them be the next round of rocket fuel to help these companies grow.

The chat wants to know about how you process the Supreme deal.

You were co-CEO, right, when Carlisle bought Supreme.

I don't know if you were there when they eventually exited it.

but at the time, you know, streetwear today is sort of established as like this, you know, massive, massive category.

But you guys were, you know, an early mover in it.

I'm curious how you processed it.

I don't, can't tell that you're wearing Supreme right now, but how did you process it originally?

I think, I actually think it's in a frame of my wall is one of the great deals ever that Carlisle did.

Wow.

Well, and I imagine like a lot of your peers would have looked at you guys at that time.

being like, what are these guys doing?

Yeah.

Like stick to the energy infrastructure.

Do another pipeline deal.

Where's the next Kinder Morgan?

And you're like, actually, it's Supreme.

Well, you know, Jordy, part of an investment environment is getting creative.

And we had a great team that was focused on consumers and consumer trends.

And, you know, we invested in a lot of consumer product companies really fashion at that time.

And we're really kind of out in front.

Golden Goose was one of our great European deals.

And then, of course, Supreme was such a unique idea.

And we had this extraordinary group of investors that came and said, we think this is a great idea.

Here's how it's going to work.

We had good partners in the deal with us, the founders.

And before you know, it just really took off.

And what you see over and over and over again is by bringing capital and unlocking

keying an opportunity, they're self-fulfilling, right? I mean, without the capital, it might not have

grown as fast or as large because you couldn't have expanded and had inventory and all the things,

although they had a really interesting inventory management system just to go back to that deal.

But the net of it is oftentimes when you can bring an investor and an entrepreneur and visionary

together that actually see where they're both going, then you can take one plus one and turn it

into 10.

Yeah.

Please.

Got to talk about data centers so much in the news this week.

Obviously, the New York State moratorium.

What is Red Cell?

How is Red Cell thinking about the category overall?

You got to lead the data center capital of the world.

And we're seeing more and more startups and incubations work up and down the supply chain,

whether it's semiconductor design to data center construction, like startups.

is used to mean you write software and now you can be shovels in the ground and we see a lot of

successful companies there. But how are you seeing the opportunity, risk, anything else on

data centers? Yeah. Well, let's just begin with, aside from anything else, there's trillions of

dollars that's going into data centers. And I think this year it's going to be a $700 billion

cap-x sector. And with that, one, it's driving a big chunk of our economy today.

I think out of the GDP contribution, the data center and tech investment world is the lion's share of it right now, driving so much of what we're doing.

And so if you are thinking about big markets, it's hard to think that's not one of them because, of course, it is.

I think, second of all, so much of the opportunity like what Red Cell has leaned into with Claros is how do you address the problems that are,

that are really inhibiting data centers and the acceptance into the marketplace.

And power consumption is right at the top of the list.

And so if you are thinking about an opportunity to either re-engineer the semiconductor infrastructure,

to re-engineer the power draw so that you can power the entire thing without power conversion

and therefore the associated power loss.

And Claros does both of these things, then all of a sudden,

You can see 20, 25%, almost 30% efficiency games in power utilization.

That's a game changer.

And that's real value added.

And so this big supply chain, which has been built up in order to meet this massive industrial investment activity going on around the country,

I think has tremendous opportunities just in that supply chain, not to mention all the opportunities around the technology.

itself. And that's why Red Cell, I think, has got so many ways that they are playing around

this, this, you know, teutonic movement and investment where, you know, going back to Trace,

if you are the governance layer over top of your AI capabilities, and that governance layer can

manage the interactions between agents and information in a way that is restrictive when you need

it to be, it's secure, it's reportable, it's auditable, then all of a sudden, this is a bit of the

holy grail about what people are worried about from a information security standpoint, but also

from a real dependability that what's being used to, in fact, drive a large language model

is dependable and repeatable. And that's huge. And so we're seeing Trace have big applications

in the health care sector like they have. Like they have.

with Duke where they now are starting to drive a lot of the patient data at Duke because they can be,

they can be compliant with all the health care regs. But on top of that, they're seeing big applications,

of course, in national security. And that's why, you mean, that's why you see a, you know,

you see a guy like Grant for standing. And he's got this really cool idea of what can be done

with this governance layer. And now you start seeing lots of markets you can get into. I think the next

market for Trace is going to be in the fintech world and in the financial services world,

because once again, it provides that governance layer, which provides people with great

certainty about security.

Where do you see Red Cell in 25 years?

If I was naively pattern matching on your work at Carlisle, I would say there's going to be

more strategies.

This is a mega fund.

I'm looking to what General Catalyst did a private equity deal for a health care company.

There's RIAs now that are trading publics.

There's growth fund.

There's an incubator.

If there's someone you want around the table when you're adding strategies and new markets,

it's probably you.

But where do you see Red Cell going in 20 years?

Is that naive or is this possible?

Well, I would say from my standpoint, it's premature for me to answer that question.

This is Grant's company.

He founded it six years ago.

It's been his vision.

I totally buy into his vision.

vision. Sure. But I think there's this tremendous room to create great companies. Yeah.

And, you know, I think at the heart of a great investment firm, a great venture capital firm,

or private equity firm, you're an investment firm. You're a visionary place where entrepreneurs can

come and grow great companies that really do address mission critical concerns for sectors,

and in this case for the country as well. Yeah. And I, and I, and I,

think by being able to address both mission critical issues for industries like healthcare and cyber

and national security, not to mention financial services and fintech, but if you're, but you're also

able to bring solutions that address the national issues, then I think we've got big markets,

we've got big momentum, and that's going to define red cell. And that's why I'm so excited,

because that's exactly what Grant's vision was. That's what he's building and has built time and time

again. And I got to tell you, there are so many talented folks in America today dreaming up

and inventing just amazing things. And I got to tell you, Grant for Stanzing is one of them.

I love it. Well, we want to hit the gong for you.

Hit the gong. Thank you so much for coming on the show. What a pleasure.

Congratulations.

On joining Redsled partners as a partner chairman.

Look at that. I broke the mallet. We broke the mallet. Very excited to have you on the show.

So have a great rest of your day.

Have a great rest of your week.

And hopefully we can talk to you soon.

I hope we'll get a chance to do it again.

Yeah.

Anytime.

There's a big discussion topic that you guys were on recently, which is what do we do with workers that might be.

Job displacement?

Located because of AI.

And that's something I'd love to engage with you guys on in a future date.

Yeah, that'd be great.

Thanks so much for coming on the show.

We'll talk to you soon.

Congrats.

Have a good one.

Mallet, broken.

You broke the mallet.

Look at this thing.

What a mad.

I mean, it basically came off.

Yeah, these mallets, we need to mill.

We need to mill a mallet out of pure titanium or something.

Maybe castings.

And when we break a mallet, we can merely pour molten steel.

Next, they're going to want us to warm up the mallet.

Over a fire.

Well, that's our show, folks.

Thank you so much for watching.

Tune in to...

TBPN tomorrow at 11 a.m. Pacific. We'll see you tomorrow. Do us a small favor and have the best

Wednesday afternoon of your life. Indeed. Indeed. Just do it. Sign up for a newsletter at tbPN.com.

It's the least you could do. Yeah. Please. And we'll see you tomorrow. We love you.

Goodbye.