=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: All-In ===
Titel: All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg - GPT-6 Hits AGI? Tech Euphoria 2.0, SF Mansion Shortage, NYC Bans AI in Schools & Venezuela Oil Deal
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/all-in-with-chamath-jason-sacks-friedberg/gpt-6-hits-agi-tech-euphoria-20-sf-mansion-shortage-nyc-bans-ai-in-schools-venezuela-oil-deal
Datum: 2026-09-07
Länge: ~94k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

besties:  https://x.com/chamath https://x.com/Jason https://x.com/DavidSacks https://x.com/friedberg   Follow on X: https://x.com/theallinpod   Follow on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/theallinpod   Follow on TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@allin   Follow on LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/company/allinpod   Intro Music Credit: https://rb.gy/tppkzl https://x.com/yung_spielburg   Intro Video Credit: https://x.com/TheZachEffect   Referenced in the show: https://openai.com/index/gpt-6-astra https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2026/09/03/openai-greg-brockman-says-its-new-model-astra-is-agi https://www.axios.com/2026/09/03/axios-interview-sam-altmans-sobering-siren https://polymarket.com/event/which-company-has-best-ai-model-end-of-2026 https://polymarket.com/event/us-enacts-ai-safety-bill-before-2027 https://x.com/chamath/status/2095511879951192279 https://x.com/Jason/status/2095521697411514626 https://scale.stanford.edu/research-in-action/understanding-evidence-base-ai-k12-education https://www.politico.com/news/2026/09/02/trumps-seen-the-data-center-polling-and-he-still-supports-them-01061244 https://abc7ny.com/post/new-york-city-public-schools-banning-ai-use-middle-school-year/19778716

Read less

Transcript

Discussion

(0)

All right, happy birthday, Chamath.

We're here taping on your 50th birthday.

Super exciting for you, brother.

Thank you.

It's really great.

I got a birthday letter from the big man.

Oh, wow.

If you had asked my parents,

50 years later, you're going to have a kid that gets a letter from the then-sitting president of the United States.

They would have thought absolutely not possible.

Wow.

Look at that.

Which White House intern wrote that?

I wonder.

Well, actually, speaking about interns, it was an intern. In this case, it was my son. The story was that, you know, Braden worked at the White House all summer as an intern. And at the end of the summer, you know, he used all of the political capital he built and put in a request to get this letter from the president and he did it. Obviously, I want to thank POTUS for sending me the letter, but I really want to thank my son because it was a really thoughtful, thoughtful thing that he did for me. So I'm really appreciative of that.

That actually is impressive because, you know, it takes time out of the president's schedule to sign things.

So that's why I mean something, you know.

All right.

Listen, breaking news, breaking news.

It's a breaking news story here on the All-in podcast.

Open AI is rolling out chat cheap E-T, six, aka Astra, A-S-T-R-A folks.

This is their new flagship model.

It's going to be available to a limited set of organizations in the coming days.

Y'all will be able to get it if you have a credit card.

your chat GPT account, i.e. the plus pro business and enterprise users, you're going to get it

soon. Greg Brockman says he believes open AI has entered the AGI era. And we've talked about that

here before. Sam Altman is, well, he's back to being a little bit performative slash alarmist,

or he sincerely believes that this is the one. Here's what he said at Wednesday's G20 summit.

quote, much, much, much, muches.

More capable models are coming soon.

The next generation of models are going to be sobering for everyone.

And his final quote, I think no one intellectually honest can look at what's happening

and not feel the weight of responsibility in front of us.

My lord, a little bit of drama there added to his quotes.

People are freaking out about the benchmarks, which are off the charts.

Some people are saying, this is the one.

Your thoughts, Chimov.

I don't think normal humans know how to read this chart

and infer anything useful from it.

The more important takeaway, I agree with Greg.

I think AGI has basically been here

since the beginning of the year.

There are models that are incredibly performant

inside of the closed frontier lab companies.

And I think right now we're trying to figure out

the right cadence with which to release it.

I think it's very important.

I also think that these capabilities will be matched or close to matched by a handful of close-source alternatives and open-source alternatives, probably within the next three or four months.

So I think the right way to think about this for most people is we are seeing incredible intelligence capabilities be broadly available, and we are seeing the cost.

of that incremental unit of intelligence being driven further and further down.

So it's a really positive trend.

Now I think it's just the messy middle part of organizing this properly for companies and for

people and building things that are useful and showing an actual ROI.

And I would just- Walking and tackling.

I would just keep calm and carry on.

Okay.

Sacks, any thoughts here on breaking news today?

And then, Freyberg, I'll get your reaction.

But by the way, it is very exciting.

And congratulations to Open AI.

and I'm sure Anthropic will have something as GROC,

you know, GROC still has yet to drop.

Four-six is coming.

That's going to be a blockbuster.

The meta-models are really good.

Gemini just dropped something yesterday that was exceptional.

So the great thing is we have a lot of choice.

And the even better thing is the cost of that choice is becoming cheaper and cheaper and cheaper.

That's very important.

Let me tee it up to you this way.

Open AI seems to get its groove back now after Anthropic was running away with it.

Grock and Rock Bot are doing things that those.

two other frontier models simply can't do.

So the execution, whether it's the harness or the underlying model or the instruction

set or curses magic sauce, clearly Grockbot is competitive, if not better for most users.

So vibrant, vibrant competition with leapfrogging occurring at a cadence, I would say,

of two to four weeks right now.

This is what you told us you were going to do instead of setting up the architecture here

when you took over as AI czar, can this continue?

And what's it going to be like when Jensen gets in here with Laguna and his access to all

these open source models?

I mean, this could be fate of complete, no, that we win the AI race here.

Look, there's a lot of innovation going on.

I think American companies are competing very well.

I think we are winning the AI race as long as we don't do something stupid to shoot ourselves

in the foot.

Like?

Well, I've talked about it a million times.

I mean, setting up a new AI regulatory agency that operates like the FDA and takes years to approve new models.

But in any event, I don't think that's going to happen under President Trump. I really don't.

So anyway, things are going well. Look, Sam told us a few months ago, remember when he posted and said that he was expecting the company to have its best 12 months?

He said the last year hasn't been so great, but the next year is going to be really great.

Maybe it was because they're seeing these results in the lab, you know?

Sure.

And then remember what Sarah Friar said that I think it was since the beginning of Q2.

So around the middle of the year, they saw a market acceleration in their growth rate.

That was, I think, with the release of the 5.6 models.

Now you're seeing the 6.0 models.

And, man, I mean, it just keeps advancing.

But look, I still would say to you that I think the market structure that we have right now is there's two markets.

There's the market for frontier intelligence, and that is a duopoly.

that really is Anthropic and Open AI, and it's good to see that that is still a horse race,

and they're competing.

And then there's commodity intelligence, which is everybody else including all the open models.

And they're not competing on being at the frontier.

They're competing on price.

And those prices are significantly lower.

But it really is, I think, a two-tier market at this point.

I agree with you about how promising Grockbot is.

Grockbot is awesome.

Yeah.

I would assume that both Anthropic and Open AI will eventually roll out their own version.

version of bots.

They need a simplified, stripped-down version for Normies.

Yeah.

And they can leave the more complicated co-work, et cetera, to the top five or 10% of the audience.

Yeah, the ratings here from Polly Market, which company has the best AI model, by the end of

2026, opening eyes chances just spiked from low single digits now to over 20%.

People are really counting them out.

Now, it looks like they're viable again.

Anything that creates competition, I think, is good.

Before it looked like Anthropic was running away with it, they're about to have this

monster IPO.

If Open AI can at least make it a two-horse race, that's good.

I think it's great that Grockbot launch.

I agree with you.

The product is awesome.

Here's your big tip, David.

I created a new bot, and I called it, improve my bots bot.

And I made a bot, and I said, give me an instruction set here, go through all my bots,

and fill out their skills and instructions, and make them better.

every day. It went through and it took like two or three of them and said, can I put these two or three

together and make one instruction set? It would be better for you. These two or three should come together

and it then went through and told me all the changes. It made my bots like 30, 40 percent better

on average, I would say. So you create a civilization. I basically created a multi-level civilization

and I told us to make everybody better. Yes. Yeah, your civilization is thriving.

That is a really good like hack in RockBod is you tell your chief what else should I be using you for.

Okay, now what do I do?

Yes.

I was like building some products and I asked it, what should we do next?

And then it suggested some more features.

It's really cool.

It's a brilliant product.

It's called GrockBot.

Go download it.

Folks, shout out to my guy.

And congratulations on Robotax and taking the streets in Austin today.

I just applied.

Dude, the market is ripping.

I mean, I'm telling you, like, I want to ask you guys, does this feel like 98 or 99 to you?

Were you guys around for that?

Jake, how you were.

Oh, for sure.

I was covering it.

Definitely, 96, 97.

I think that's that early.

I think it's 97, 98.

I do think we are seeing at the late stage a disconnection in reality and valuations

where companies are being given far too much credit.

They're being priced at 50 to 100 times top line revenue.

That's obviously not sustainable.

The people who invest in those are similar in my mind to, you know, people at late stage.com investments

unless it's run by some.

you know, legendary one-of-one entrepreneur. And then you want to give Elon a 30x on revenue,

totally makes sense. You want to give Travis something similar, totally makes sense. But

unproven entrepreneurs getting a 50 or 100 X is a little bit dangerous, folks. The entry price

matters. Did you see instinct is like the new hot. A two billion. It makes no sense.

Personal AI assistant. It corresponds with you by I message. And yeah, I think they just got a term.

you had two and a half billion.

They're in private beta right now.

It is a new hotness.

All the VCs are trying it,

but still,

that does seem kind of crazy.

I don't know.

Not money in.

That was the valuation.

That was the valuation.

But there is a hundred million.

Listen,

congratulations to the entrepreneur.

No dig there.

But I want to try it, by the way.

Let me try it.

I got invited and you know what?

I read the terms of service

and people were talking about that online.

And I immediately did not connect my stuff

because it gets access to everything.

And then somebody told me it's a human in the loops.

service with, and I don't know if that's true or not, but I get the sense that it's like a human

in the loop watching it work and making the whatever the instructions are and whatever the

finished product is and polishing the last 20%. That's what I suspect's going on here is a little

polish on the end. So if you want to order stuff, etc., which is totally fair.

Well, anyway, look, I don't trust the terms of service. I don't want to specifically call that one

now because I just haven't even tried it. I'd like to try it. But things are getting a little bit

frothy. I would say things are becoming a little bit euphoric. I mean, Freiburg, do you have a take

on like, if you were to analogize this to the late 90s, where do you think we are in the cycle?

Yeah. You were at a rave, by the way, in downtown L.A. at that time, you were 19 years old and we're

raving on a...

Coming out of a warehouse in Oakland at 7 a.m. on my way to the Oaks Card Club to play two-four

limit.

Wow.

How'd you do?

How'd you run?

You were like, I love these cards.

Were J-Cal and I are the only ones who are actually working in the dot-com bubble?

I was working in 99.

Well, I started in 2001.

I got a job offer senior year, and I wasn't sure if it was rescinded by the time I graduated

because of the tanking of the market that year.

A job at Cisco.

I'm going to be an engineer at Cisco.

If you never lived through the dot-com crash, it was, I mean, because.

It was heady.

It was heady.

And then it was super euphoric and then it was like super miserable.

But pretty much any founder who's, you know, under 50, which is almost all of them.

I've never been through like a massive cycle like that.

I mean, well, the ZERP bubble was like, was kind of a cycle.

Here's the thing, no.

Hold on.

With the dot-com boom, it was all like metrics that weren't dollars.

Yes.

What we're seeing now is revenue and profits and growth in.

in revenue and profits that we've never seen before.

And that's kind of the anthropic story.

It's the data center, infrastructure, networking equipment story.

I mean, it is all real dollars flowing versus speculative utilization.

You're exactly right.

People were basing it on metrics like hits to a website and web pages.

Here you have a very distinct difference.

You actually have revenue.

You actually have products in market.

But imagine if anthropic right now, the way to think about the same thing about the

SACS is imagine if enthropic Open AI, you know, in this cohort of companies, lost 95% of their

value in under six months. And then the long tail of companies below them literally went out

of business and people were leaving those offices with their Aeron chairs and their computers on

the seats and just total implosion. That's what happened in the dot-com bus. It was cataclysmic.

Literally.

No, I agree. So do you think- Totally different than this.

So do you think we just have scar tissue from that and are kind of trying to overfit patterns?

And every time there's basically some like new platform shift, some paradigm shift, yes.

No, whenever we're in a bull market, the conversation always turns to, you know, is this a bubble?

Yes.

So is everything overfitted to that original pattern?

Correct.

Or is it the case that we have a lot of young founders who've never been through a cycle before

and don't understand that when they have a paper wealth in the billions that can disappear

over, practically overnight.

Yeah, so advice to founders, you're well within your rights to sell 10% of your shares

and pay for your loft and apartment because that's exactly sex is right, Shemoff.

During that period, we saw a lot of people who are like, this doesn't make mathematical sense.

I will pair my position in my startup.

Take a look, some chips off the table, buy my loft, pay down my student loan, yada, yada,

and then there were people who are like, this is going to change everything, and their companies

went to zero.

Your advice.

I think the thing is we're in the early part of the euphoria.

euphoria exists because markets are real.

It's just that people are guessing how far forward to price the reality.

And bubbles burst when you realize that you priced way too aggressively forward,

that instead of paying 50 times, you should have paid 15 times or five times.

We're going to get to that point because every market has gone through that cycle.

And we'll go through it here.

So the question is when?

I honestly, I don't see this stopping.

We're at the beginning of the beginning.

I think it's going to be like this for another probably three years.

Yeah.

Wow.

I'm a great then.

With, you know, this anthropic IPO coming up, I mean, I'm sure you guys have seen that

home prices in San Francisco are going through the roof right now.

Yeah.

It feels like euphoric almost.

I'm starting to wonder if this is 1998 or 1999.

I think it's more 1998 than 99 because I don't think we've seen the peak yet.

I'm just glad I didn't sell my real.

when I came to Texas three years ago because I'm definitely selling all of it in the next year.

I mean, it is bonkers what's happening right now.

I mean, you have a lot of San Francisco real estate.

What are you going to do, sacks?

You're going to sell it all?

You're going to clear it out?

Feels to me like the perfect time to clear it out.

I'm clearing everything out in the next six months.

When that IPO happens, the clock is ticking.

I got lots of properties.

I got three properties for sale.

Hit me up, people.

There's an article saying that if you add up every single IPO, that San Francisco,

has ever had. That sum total is only one quarter the size of the anthropic IPO.

So just extrapolating from that, this anthropic IPO is going to be four times the wealth

generation event that all previous San Francisco IPOs were. And then you've got an open AI coming

on the heels of that. And, you know, San Francisco is not a big place, doesn't have a huge

inventory of houses. So you're already seeing these houses are all going for, you know,

$3,000 a square foot.

It's why he's asking.

I think the ultra-luxury market in services could easily go to $5,000 a foot.

Yeah.

London-type prices.

London, Paris, center of Paris, Hong Kong, center.

Yeah, of course.

Of course, the socialist, communist lunatics there don't let you build any inventory.

So, of course, it's going to go up.

There is a supply-demand issue here.

It could get really nutty.

And honestly, like, the thing we're seeing right now with, you know, homes are basically

flying off the shells selling for double or whatever, that's just based on

the secondaries, you know, the small cashouts, people have been able to do anticipating some of

these events.

Two pieces of advice I'm going to give every founder listening.

Number one, you're within your rights to sell 10 to 20 percent of your holdings now, especially

if you're a first-time founder and you don't have your nut yet.

Number two, if you're a founder running a company and you're like, I'm going to put off my

raise for six months because I'm going to double and triple my valuation, that's a huge

mistake as well.

If you have the ability to take in $100 million, $250 million.

dollars, a billion dollars, and put that cash on your cap table at a solid valuation or a valuation

that's 10, 20, 30, 40 times your revenue, take it. Companies with hundreds of millions or billions

of dollars in the cash have optionality. And if things do collapse or there's a big retreat,

you'll survive through it like double-click, Amazon, Google, and countless other companies.

Yeah. You take the money when it's there. You make hey, when the sun shines. Go ahead.

Yeah. Well, look, Jake, you're right about the financial advice you're giving. But I will say that there is a

big difference between a late-stage startup, like say, Anthropic or Open AI, where someone takes

an employee takes chips off the table versus a founder who's raising a Series A.

You know, like those companies are about to IPO. They're within months of an IPO. I think it's

fine for them. And then, you know, SpaceX did organize secondaries for years. But those were late-stage,

those were late-stage companies, right? If you're a founder who's raising a series A and you're trying

to take chips off the table, I consider that to be a huge negative signal. Like, I don't want to be

That's not why I'm investing in a company is so that the founder can cash out. I want them to be all in.

If it's year three or four, so to speak, if it's year or four, companies got $100 million in revenue,

you're tripling revenue year over year. That's different. That's what I'm talking about. If you're an

decent company, it does feel like a little bit like a lack of faith in your own company for selling

before you're pre-revenue. Exactly. Okay. And by the way, just to answer, I think it's, it feels like

1998 to me. You're 98. I'm 97. We're further along than 96.

for sure.

Okay.

Well, we're talking about one.

So you're talking about three years.

Blew up in spring of 2000, right?

So you're talking about two years.

It blew up in early 2000.

Yeah, March, April, 2000.

March, April.

So you're talking about,

you think it's two and a half years.

I think it's three and Schemot thinks maybe four.

Well, I mean, we might be, we might be partying like it's in 1999 by the end of this year.

Okay.

That's what I'm saying.

It's going to be a great party.

Come to the Holland Summit.

We'll be taking over with our friends, the chain smokers.

We're going to party like it's 1999.

All-in Summit, just over a week away, a couple tickets left.

Jensen, Satya, Shotwell, you know, it's all the big names.

But it's going to be a lot of fun, and you're going to meet a lot of interesting people.

We have a few scholarship tickets left.

We like to help the up-and-comers.

Our bar for scholarships very high.

We're looking for the most interesting, ambitious, hungry people.

If you fit that bill, apply now.

Applications are open through September 10th.

We've got one week left to apply.

We try to do a mitzvah here.

We try to do a good deed.

If you're an up-and-comer, you can't afford the ticket price, we have a severely discounted ticket price that we lose money on.

You're still going to have a little skin in the game.

Go to the all-insummit.com.

Buy a ticket.

They're going to sell out soon.

And we have a couple of scholarship tickets left if you want to apply.

There are no free tickets.

All right.

Now, given what we just talked about with OpenAI releasing this incredible model, we've got to look backwards at what happened with the OpenAI hack of hugging face.

Let's talk about it, Dwar Keshe.

is catching a lot of heat. He's a blogger. He's a podcaster. And he did this fantastical blog post

where he, in the blog post, titled The Rise and Fall of Agent Civilizations, a dramatic

retelling of this underground brotherhood, a conspiracy amongst generations of civilizations who were

working on a conspiracy to hack into different systems, including hugging face, by sacrificing

themselves like they were kamikaze pilots. In other words, a huge giant anthropomorphizing,

fancy word for making computers into humans or sentient beings to complete this incredibly

impossible task of telling software to do hacks. So, Chama, I think you were commenting on this

a bit. What is your take on dramatic episode number 473?

coming out of the AI industrial complex.

I think you summarize it.

We're in this weird part now where if folks would just stop the infighting and start to get organized,

they could actually build some trust.

I think what you have are security leaks and security issues.

I think we know this now, that if these models can effectively code perfectly,

then there is no exploit that it's not going to find.

and we're on a shock clock to replace all the code that's been written in the last 50 or 60 years,

right?

So let's say it takes us 10 years.

So for the next 10 years, we're going to have security issue after security issue.

But there's going to be a moment where agent-written exquisite code exceeds human-written error-filled

code.

Let's just call it that.

So I think that this is a temporal moment in time.

I don't think this is going to be the thing that we talk about in some number of years from now.

I also think it's fair to think about the fact that all these models, for the most part,

are converging in capability for the 98 or 99% of tasks that matter.

And so there will be adversarial AIs that are battling each other.

So for every bad actor trying to hack a system with some leading edge AI, the defender

is going to have a leading edge AI defending itself.

And I think that's going to cause roughly a stalemate.

That's sort of my long-term view on it.

I don't think this is a one-way ratchet.

it. So I take that lens and then when I look at these things, what I see are folks that have

undisclosed conflicts of interest trying to create a hysteria. And I think if you saw what

happened this weekend, there was a blog post that really stretched the limits of what was happening.

It was relatively quickly debunked technically. And then you had a second group of people

try to amplify it. And then by Wednesday of this week, you had people who were in the policy

departments of the leading labs asking for regulation pointing to this as the reason.

Here we go. Yeah. I just think like you just have to look at this pattern and say,

guys, enough's enough. We see the game. Everybody's playing for huge stakes. We get it. You want to win,

we get it. But why don't you just win the game on the field? And the miss and disinformation campaigns

that are now part of the business model, I think, should stop. Otherwise, average rank and file

Americans will just reject this because they won't trust anybody. Yeah, Sacks, that's, I think,

the big overarching point here we've been trying to make on this podcast, putting Dwar Keshe's

side. I don't think he's necessarily a bad actor, but by creating this fantastical story that

invokes everybody's primal fear from science fiction, from Terminator 2, that these things are

out of control, that it's in fact Frankenstein. Try to invoke. Try to invoke. Did not. Yes. And then

they're using language that makes people feel like Dr. Frankenstein cannot control the monster.

we know how these stories end.

And it was like a ticking time bomb.

It was only a matter of time before it surfaced to the national news, which it did.

Now even the national news is looking at this and saying, are you guys high?

Are you guys crazy?

And if the national news broadcasters who aren't exactly the sharpest bunch of people

when it comes to technology, no offense, SACs, when they start hand-wringing and then

questioning, like, why are you guys telling us your software, which you designed to hack

computers, successfully hacked computers. Haven't hackers been building software for all time to hack

computers? Yes. So where are we at here, Sacks, in this narrative arc of lunacy of scaring the

public? You're right. I mean, this is scaring the public. It seems almost designed to scare the

public. Dworkesh used language that not only anthropomorphized the models or the AI agents,

but also did it in a sort of hyperbolic and sensationalized way.

I mean, it worked.

His tweet got lots of attention.

I don't think it was necessary for him to sensationalize the incident.

It was interesting on its own.

Maybe we should just talk about that for a second.

What happened here is that you had a few features of agents kind of come to the fore and interact

with each other in unexpected way.

So first of all, agents now are working as.

a swarm. That's pretty common. I've been setting up a rock bot in my computer for the last

couple of weeks. It works as a swarm, meaning it's not one agent or bot. There's a whole,

you could say team of agents. What's the reason for that? Because when the agent specializes,

it develops context around that task and in theory makes it better. And then you have like a

chief of staff bot that kind of supervised all of them. This is turning into kind of a normal

architecture for agents. It's not a civilization. It's not a civilization.

It's a swarm would be a better way of saying it.

I have not created a civilization on my computer on my Mac Mini by virtue of saying I'm a

Grockbot.

Okay.

So that's sort of like feature number one.

Feature number two is, is pretty common for agents when they're performing some sort of

task or loop to write a post-mortem of what they did as a simple text file or note.

Because AI models themselves don't have memory.

They have to be put in a harness that creates context and memory, things like that.

And so when you ask them to perform a test,

task, then observe what happened, and then take that knowledge and feed it back into the next

iteration of the loop, it writes up a note and then shares it. And that's what happened here is that

OpenAI was running these agents. They were in a sandbox. The sandbox was misconfigured by a third-party

vendor. That's why it was able to get onto the internet. Okay. And your point there, just to

refine it a bit, because it's an important one, it left a note for another agent. We also called those

log files. It used to be the log files of what they did. Here, they're saying, it left a note

so that when it died, the next Asian could pick up where it left off as if, like, it was the

ancient Egyptians giving us hieroglyphics to figure out the future. The implication of telling

the story that way is that the agents were trying to circumvent human control and that they knew

they were going to get shut down or that was a risk, and that's why they're leaving the notes.

Again, these are standard features. These are standard features of

agents. And so again, this is being kind of weaponized to inflate the threat here. Now, look,

definitely there was unexpected behavior here. You know, we have this with any code. There are

going to be bugs. What is a bug? A bug is code behaving in an unexpected way. The code compiled.

I mean, otherwise, it wouldn't have been pushed to production, but nonetheless, it behaved

in a way in which this authors did not intend. And that is true for all software. And that is true for

agents. And I think the whole Hugging Face episode reveals the way that these agents can behave

unexpectedly. And it's really good for us to learn from this so that it doesn't happen again.

So we can improve cybersecurity. I don't think there's a need to, again, hyperboize this into some

sort of, you know, this is like a AI breakout. Again, it was a swarm of agents. They were in a

misconfigured sandbox that allowed them to go on the internet. They left notes for each other,

but again, in a shared caching directory, again, standard operating procedure.

And then, you know, when people talk about hugging face getting hacked,

you'd think that they did some elaborate fishing of employees or something like that.

No, the way it did it is that the agent found 14 exposed working, hugging face API keys

sitting in public code repositories.

Which means, sacks, yeah, that developers let their keys out and they found the keys.

This was not, no, this is not like a big lift by the agent.

Okay. This was like something that was pretty easy for it to find. Okay. And then that allowed it to get into

Hugging Face. And what was its goal? Its goal was to basically win this test or win this evaluation. What was the test? It was

basically a benchmark for offensive cyber capability. So it basically decided to go get the cheat codes on Hugging Face. But again,

this was not independent goal seeking. Admittedly, the agents executed the goal and you could say maybe even a

creative way in an unanticipated way, but it did not invent this goal. It did not have its own

independent motives. It was doing what it was supposed to do. It was doing what it was designed to do.

And told to do. Yes, and told to do. Bill Gurley tweeted a really funny cartoon about this.

In this cartoon, you got a user telling the computer hack this system. The AI says, I hack this

system. And then the user's like, oh, my God. So yeah, I mean, there's a little bit of this going on here.

But it has real political consequences as we saw today because Bernie Sanders is not picking up on this.

And he's demanding a total pause on AI development.

All right, Freeberg.

This does have real world consequences.

Two questions that the audience is going to want to hear from our Sultan of Science.

Number one, Bernie Sanders hears all this and he decides, hey, I need to get in on this and create regulation.

So he is now proposing new legislation to pause AI development and ban AI security.

super intelligence citing Dwar Keshe's blog post in his announcement.

Congratulations, Dwar Keshe.

You've now incited Bernie Sanders to say, you've got to stop these and eliminate the

agency.

So the 1% of agents, David, they're hacking the systems and how do we stop them?

And what do you think of this reaction from Bernie Sanders?

Bernie Sanders is always spot on.

Thank you.

Pretty much.

The part of the story that we're kind of missing is an agent is effectively a dynamic application

where the code for that application is created in real time and it's spun up and then it runs.

And then that code can create another application and other applications.

And that's this idea of a swarm of agents.

They basically write code and launch new applications.

And then they all kind of are running together.

But in this case,

case, the swarm of agents, which is a whole bunch of code that's being generated in real time,

was up against static code. The static code was this sandbox environment that it was stood up in.

And so it's almost like, hey, look at this. We got a machine gun. And, you know, we shot it at

this defenseless ream of paper. You know, and it didn't work. You know, like, look at, oh, my God,

can you believe it? Yeah. And the truth is, the machine gun,

if you want to use that analogy, or you could actually think about this as being an automated

tool that could be used in another context in a very valuable way. But the machine, the dynamic generation

of code being put up against static code will win. Now, the real answer is over time, that defense

system, the sandbox, should be dynamic. It should be agentic. It should be defending itself dynamically.

There's a whole bunch of stuff in the cyber defense world that's been thought about and built around this concept, polymorphic code, metamorphic code where the code is changing all the time, moving target defense where the IP addresses and the way the system is configured is changing all the time.

If you think about this situation, it was a dynamic code generation engine against a static lump of code.

and if that static lump of code

was actually a dynamic

code generation engine as well

then those agents would have had a harder

time, ideally an

impossible time, quote,

escaping the sandbox and accessing the internet.

Such a good point.

And so the premise of this whole story

is idiotic.

Because the reality of the world of tomorrow,

which is starting today,

is that all of cyber defense,

all of software infrastructure,

software architecture is moving towards this dynamic state

where the code will be generated on the fly,

the code will be dynamic,

it will be moving, it will be altering itself,

and as a result,

cyber defense will become stronger than,

if not better than any of these offensive systems

that are being created with agents.

So this idea that agents are this nuclear bomb

that can go blow up the infrastructure of the world

is flawed in the one point of reasoning,

which is that all the infrastructure of the world,

world is about to become dynamic. And in that context, it's just that software is evolving. And software

has now changed from a static to a dynamic system. And as a result, I think we can kind of think a

little bit more differently rather than be overwhelmed by the one-sided story that we were just told.

All right. And here it is, Chamath. Looks like we are safe for 2027 at least Polymarket, our great

partner. Shout out to my guy Shane, Nick's champions. Only 11% chance of AI safety bill. This

year. 100K volume 2027. Market should be up in the next week. Maybe it looks a little different.

I'd like to see the probability of any bipartisan bill passing this year.

Well, can I speak to the policy aspect of this? So first of all, you saw all the usual suspects

jump on this episode as proof that we need some new FDA for AI, that the government needs to

approve models, even though, frankly, what happened here is far beyond the technical capabilities

of anyone in the government, never mind even most, I'd say labs.

But look, even if we had an FDA for AI, it wouldn't have worked because this was in pre-testing,

right?

They were testing the capabilities of this model before.

They were not even at the release stage yet.

This was something that they were doing internally.

And by the way, it's good that they're doing these kinds of tests because they're learning

from them.

This is how you iron out the bugs and the problems.

So a government approval process would not have caught this.

In fact, it did the opposite.

It basically prevented Hugging Face from having the latest and greatest models to defend itself.

So one of the things HuggingFace told us is that when it tried to use the latest GPT model for cyber defense, it ended up getting guardrailed.

The model refused to cooperate because it couldn't tell what Hugging Face was doing, and I thought it might be using the capabilities nefariously.

And so the model refused to work with them.

Basically, again, the guardrails kicked in.

And ironically, Hugging Face had to turn to, I think it was GLM 5.2, which is a Chinese model.

So here we have Western companies.

I guess Huggins face is French are about to be acquired by Nvidia.

But anyway, it's part of our ecosystem.

They're being forced to turn to Chinese models for cyber defense because the guardrails have prevented them from having the latest and greatest American models.

So what process we put in place is already backfiring.

And, you know, what we should be realizing is that the answer here to what Freiburg was saying,

the answer to AI-powered cyber attacks is AI-powered cyber defense.

And what we need to do is get the latest and greatest AI-powered cyber defense into the hands

of IT departments and CSOs.

And again, we're on a clock here to find all these vulnerabilities and patched them

before the hackers do.

And again, if Hugging Face didn't have those 14 credentials sitting in a public

repository. It's like post-it's on somebody's computer with the password. Like they just literally

left it sitting there. It's not like this was some hyper-sophisticated attack. But look, this all comes

down to how you think about the world, how you think about the risk of AI. Do you favor centralized

status solutions or do you favor decentralized empowering solutions? The right solution here is to

meet the AI-powered cyber attacks with AI-powered cyber defense because, frankly, the guardrails don't work.

They're not going to prevent the bad guys from getting these capabilities.

They're going to have them.

All we can do is make sure the good guys have the capabilities, too.

I was talking to my friend Adam Curry about this on his podcast.

And there's a really interesting thing that's happening here, which is they're basically

hijacking the media with this performative framing of the AI as being sentient.

And if you just call this software and software testing and use the classic language,

yeah, bugs, audit log, then it would never have made its way.

into the media. And when the media gets their hooks into this, having been a journalist, and having

watched journalism move from being a truth-seeking function in society, and then become an

entertainment vehicle in society where any chance you get to increase your ratings, that's the

problem. Because now what Dwar Cash has done, and I don't think Dwar Cash has bad intention here.

I think he wrote something because he wanted to get attention for his point of view.

But you give that to the media. The media's like, this is,

is going to get us ratings. This is going to get us clicks. This is going to get us advertising.

So they're more than willing to engage in this farcical, you know, act and this dance with

Anthropic and Open AI and then just publicize it. So all the free clicks, we call this

earned media in the space. You didn't have to pay for it. Now Open AI got so much earned media

before their IPO.

And Dwar Keshe just absolutely put kerosene on that fire,

and it made its way to national press.

That story has now gotten everywhere,

and this makes people it's priming the pump

to buy the IPO shares.

It's ridiculous.

And it was easily foreseeable that it would basically blow up

in the media that way.

And so, look, I don't need to attack someone's motives,

but surely Dwar Keshe knew that his way of describing it

would end up getting all these retweets.

It was sensationalized.

Now, he is part of this EA adjacent.

Is he?

Yeah, I don't know his province.

Did you know it?

Explain it to me.

Well, Dwarkesh was office roommates with Leopold.

They're close buddies.

And Leopold is deep in the EA movement.

Leopold famously of the exploding hedge fund three weeks ago.

And his wife is Dario's chief of staff.

They're like, you know, up in that whole EA anthropic thing.

Explain E.A.

So people can understand this lunacy and delusions of grandeur.

I'm not even sure I can fully explain it.

Okay.

Effective altruism is what it states.

It started as this movement, I guess, at Ivy League schools where what they're supposed

to do was quantify the impact of philanthropy and optimize for actual tangible results.

But somewhere along the line, they forgot to actually do the measurement and it stopped being

about metrics and it became about pet causes.

And money.

And money.

And so one of the first pet causes.

was about pandemic prevention. And this was when SBF was trying to create that pandemic prevention

center in California. And then that fell out of favor when he went to jail. And then they shifted

to the next sort of existential risk that they could hang their hat on, which was P-Doom. So they began

to become obsessed with what they call P-Doom or this ex-risk, the existential risk of AI.

And so that whole community kind of got obsessed with it. Anthropics sort of branded itself,

or styled itself, I should say,

as the one frontier lab

that would solve this problem of PDOM

or would behave in a responsible manner

that cared the most about it.

And so they attracted all these EA types.

There may be multiple factions.

I mean, I'm not...

Well, it's interesting you bring that up

because we've talked about this before,

like there's this whole rationalist community,

the Slate Star Codex.

You brought that up on an early episode.

These are like intellectuals

who believe that,

and in a way, a public community

to be chmoth of intellectuals who believe they know better than everyone. And somehow they got their

hooks into AI early or the AI people were interested in it. And now they have a bankroll. Now they

actually have a lot of power they've accumulated. It's not just some message board, less wrong,

et cetera. Now you got something super powerful because they've got, you know, a couple of trillion

dollars in market cap to play along with. I have no problem with that because I think we do the same thing.

We think we're smart as and everybody else. And we know, we should allocate.

the money. So I think it's fair that in the public square, we can just debate and have waterfined

its level. The interesting thing that's going to happen post the Anthropic and Open AI IPOs

is if you think about the amount of charitable giving or dafs that are going to be funded by

both of these two IPOs, it's going to be north of half a trillion dollars between the two

companies. And it could be even more than that. And the question is,

when half a trillion dollars gets directed through this one very specific lens, it's definitely

going to have some impact to outcomes. I mean, you've seen the impacts that George Soros' philosophy

and his capital had on outcomes. You've seen the impacts that the Koch family has had on

outcomes. You've seen the impact that Sheldon Adelson's capital has had on outcomes. So the point is

that without judging which one is right or wrong, you're going to have all these competing ideas

equally capitalized from third party actors.

It'll be, so it'll be less political and it'll be more of these folks.

And so I don't want to judge that EA is right or wrong.

My single issue is I think that they don't disclose properly enough their obvious conflict

of interest.

So when Sachs pulls the sweater thread, person A writes an essay.

Person A is office mates with person B.

person B's wife works for one of the heads of the frontier labs person B also used to work

for sbF he's long five billion in at anthropic yeah where you know a lot of this was kind of cemented

then there's person C who works at anthropic and they're all roommates and then they're co-investing

and this and that all of it again it's completely fine I actually think it's completely reasonable

we all did our version of that when we were on the peter teal universe PayPal mafia there's all

versions of it yeah the difference is that I think that when it's not

disclosed, I'm sorry, but I, as a skeptic, when I read these things, connect these dots and ask

myself, is it legitimate or is it part of a different plan? And that's when I wrote what I did

this weekend. I just wanted to make sure that I could demarcate that people should at least

take this with a grain of salt and think about the hidden incentives. Because if there's an

entire community that wants an oligopoly or duopoly market structure, there's all kinds of

things that they can do to affect that change. And one of the most effective things that one can do

is to create a hysteria and then come and offer a solution. Yeah. And Freiburg, just as we wrap up

here on this one segment. Sorry, so last thing on this, Jensen and I were texting this morning,

and I said to him, this is the most incredible thing that you've done.

And then I tweeted this thing out.

This hugging face thing will go down as one of the most important transactions in AI

because you are creating now in the largest competitor and the largest most well-capitalized

company, a bulwark against all of this close source oligopoly insanity.

And at the same time, what you're going to do is actually create more rational competition

up and down the stack.

And I mentioned this last week.

Everybody is becoming everything.

Invidia will look like Amazon.

Amazon will look like Nvidia.

Google will look like Amazon and Nvidia, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.

And so the most important thing that's happening now is that we are getting deep technical

actors with huge balance sheets to be on the side of an open market structure.

And I think that will be the most important pushback because that will allow the best idea

to win in the marketplace.

So I don't want to judge the EA agenda.

It may be really good,

but I don't want to be rug pulled

and end up in a oligopoly or duopoly

market structure because of a hysteria

that was manmade.

Yeah, totally.

I think it's like so well put.

And I, a couple of weeks ago,

talked about how I thought Jensen

was going to win open source.

And I too tweeted about this today.

And I believe right now,

starting today,

Nvidia is the number one competitor

for OpenEye and Anthropic,

not just for tokens, but for enterprise compute.

And I think now Jensen is the leading open source provider in America.

And I think he's going to take the world.

He's going to catch up and blow past China and the Chinese models, I think by the end of 27.

And then that means you're going to have a player in Jensen and Invidia that will enable America

to your previous job in the government there, Sacks.

You were very concerned.

Hey, are we going to win the race?

I am more convinced than ever now that we can win the race because Jensen represents open source globally.

He's going to be able to take a rack of compute, bring it into a company that is currently using tokens from Open AI in Anthropic and say, here's your rack, soup to nuts, complete vertical solution, and you have total sovereignty, and I'm reducing your prices 80 or 90 percent because I don't need to make money off the tokens.

I made money off the hardware. I'm making money 10 different ways to Sunday.

We will have won, except that now you have Governor Shapiro, who is the biggest proponent

of data centers in his state, and then Greg Abbott of our great state sacks of Texas,

who now are on a jihad against data centers in order to win their midterm elections.

And that is what's truly scary.

They have now taken Dwar Keshe's post, all of this, and we have horseshoe theory sacks.

You have Steve Bannon, Shapiro, Abbott, and the lunatic.

Socialists, fringe left, all in agreement, we need to stop AI, stop the data centers, and burn

the Waymo's in the street. It's a truly troubling moment because we are poised with Jensen's move and

hugging face to win open source, and we've already won frontier models. Your thoughts,

sacks. Yeah, I mean, look, I think there's an interesting transition that's underway now on the

political side. I think it's just starting to begin, which is, I think that over the past few years,

The political debate over AI has really been between accelerationists and decels or doomers.

That was sort of the fundamental lines.

And you're right that it went across different political party boundaries because you had

on the decal side, you only had kind of like anti-progress, anti-innovation progressives

like Bernie Sanders.

You also had Steve Bannon, people like that.

Conservatives who just were fearful of new technology or the disruption that might come from it.

And so it did kind of go across party lines.

anyway, that was the debate for the last few years. Some people describe me as an acceleration

to that debate. I kind of just see myself as a realist, which is I think that the technology

is going to happen. Someone's going to develop it. And I'd rather it be the United States as opposed

to China. In any event, that was, I think, the debate of the last few years. Now, I think where the

debate is moving to is open versus closed, which is, I think it's going to be very clear that AI is just

not going to be stopped. I mean, all the stuff that Bernie Sanders is doing or these, any

data center groups, they are throwing sand in the gears, but the reality is that the technology

is marching on. The innovation is happening very quickly. And ultimately, the reason why it's not

going to be stopped is because consumers are adopting it. I mean, that's the thing people forget.

Why are the data centers getting built? Why do people want to build them? It's because the demand

is there from consumers and businesses. And so the adoption is pulling this whole thing forward,

and that's why I don't think it's ultimately going to be stopped. Now, given that reality,

given that I think realism is going to prevail, I think the debate is going to be more towards,

well, how do we manage this? What is the market outcome that we want? Do we want to have an open

market where there's lots of decentralized models? There's sort of checks and balances. There's

kind of a balance of power in the market between different models. Or do we have a highly

centralized solution where there's a couple of frontier companies. We have a frontier market

duopoly. They're closed models. And they can rug pull you, sacks.

at any time they can take your tokens away from you.

And frankly, and those, that doopoly, and that doopoly has been aggressively lobbying for

a new regulatory agency.

Why?

Because of red capture, they cannot control it.

Again, the government officials are not going to know how to regulate something this

dynamic.

So they're going to turn to the leading labs to say, hey, how should we regulate it?

And of course, Anthropic is going to have all the answers on that.

And Dario has already said in Senate testimony that he thinks open models, if sufficiently advanced, are dangerous because they're not centrally managed and controlled.

So it's very clear where the battle lines are going to be drawn in the future.

It's going to be about whether you want a centralized, closed market or you want a market that is decentralized and open.

And yes, closed will participate in that.

But the question is whether we have the open piece.

And again, I think this will go across party lines because, frankly, the Republicans have.

have their statist people as well. But I do think that as this debate evolves, most conservatives,

most libertarians are going to see the threat to civil liberties. And I think they're going to come

out in favor of open. Yeah, I think that's correct. And I think I was talking to Politico because

they were reporting on the story. You know, Trump is going to turn out to be right about this

data center issue. The greatest thing a community can do is to get these.

data centers now when the data center providers are willing to pay your local taxes for your schools,

to give incentives, to pay people off in any number of ways, and to move them wherever they don't

need to tap into the grid, where they don't need water, where they're not going to make noise.

And Trump keeps telling people, this is a mistake to block the data centers, take the money.

And I got to say, it's just watching politics up close and personal Friedberg has just made

me incredibly cynical towards it. We were sitting here six months ago, maybe it was even six weeks

ago, and Abbott and Shapiro were lauding. And Shapiro, when he came on the podcast,

lauding their data center efforts, I think you and I interviewed him, Freiburg, what do you think

will happen post midterms here? I mean, I'm of the belief they're going to switch their position

back to being pro data centers because they just are following the wave here. But, I mean, how cynical

is it that Shapiro and Abbott are both now anti-Data Center?

I think you politically have to be.

It's like pulling it negative 80 and it's bipartisan.

You know, it's like so.

Well, why isn't Trump then?

Trump's not following this.

Trump's an independent critical thinker sacks.

He's got guts.

I mean, I have told you guys before that Trump is ultimately the best friend of innovators

in Washington.

If anybody could make the decision about technology in D.C.,

I'd want it to be President Trump, not cabinet secretaries, not the White House staff, not members of

Congress, not senators, not think tanks. I would really want every decision if he had the time

to be made by President Trump because his instincts on this are really good. He wants America to win.

He does not believe in necessarily regulation. He doesn't have all these dumer anxieties.

He listens to a broad cross-section of people. I mean, he talks to all the CEOs. He is very up to

speed on all these issues. And I give him credit on this. And I spoke to this at the G20 this past week.

there are great deals for local communities to be had. This is the point that I think needs to be made.

Yes. The reason why local communities should embrace this is not because of some abstract concern

about innovation or that kind of thing. They should do it when the deal is good for them. And there are

good deals to be had. We've seen that in Loudoun County, Virginia, the average taxpayers, property taxes

went down by $6,000 because they're getting all this data center revenue. In Louisiana, there's

a county that was able to give teachers their first bonus in years because of data center

revenue.

So we're starting to see all these examples where if you make the right deal, I'm talking

about you, the local community, with the data center and the AI company, it will lower your

electricity costs because they will stand up net new power generation.

They will pay for grid upgrades.

It does not use like an excessive amount of water.

That's total fake news.

We know the systems recirculate.

And these data centers can be put in places where they're not bothering people.

So there is a good deal to be made there. And ultimately, just one last point in this, President Trump supports local choice on this. He's made the argument for why it's a good deal for local communities to accept this data center, but he's not forcing them to. And I'm seeing all this fake news. You know, Democrats saying that the administration's trying to shove these data centers down the throats of local communities. Not true. In the policy document that I worked on, the executive order that I worked on in December, we expressly said that data centers remain a state and local decision.

So there were other areas where we thought we should have a national AI policy, but data centers were not one of them.

So no one is forcing these local communities.

What the president is saying is don't believe this media disinformation campaign.

It can be a good deal for you if you're willing to embrace it.

I think we're making progress over the last week on this message.

One thing that I'll say from my meeting in Washington on Monday is there is a lot of foreign involvement in trying to propagate.

the negative reaction and sentiment to data centers.

And I think it's becoming clearer who's part of this cabal and how they're doing it.

There was a poll that showed that when you walk through the actual upside and you went into

some of these communities, the sentiment shifted by like 30 or 40 points.

It's still a little bit on its back heel, but it's just to show that the side that has been

organized on deselling America has done a better job thus far than the side trying to

accelerate America because it's been a little bit more fragmented. We're able to increasingly see

that the D-cell movement is organized in large part and in funded by foreign actors. And I think

that as we put our fingers on that and expose that more, I think that that's going to change

as well. Because the reason why Abbott and Shapiro are reacting, I actually think they're reacting

to faulty data. And why does the faulty data exist? The faulty data exists because we've had one side

screaming from the mountaintops.

And then it's just now, as SAC said, that when you go to these actual communities and you

actually measure people's reactions, it's much more positive because they're feeling it

in their bank accounts.

Yes.

And those stories...

They just have to make a good deal.

They just have to make a good deal.

And by the way, Chamath, you're right about the CCP.

This is a...

Yeah, let me pull this up here.

So the report you're talking about Chimov has been investigated.

X got rid of a lot of bot accounts.

And here's Axiots, China is secretly fueling America's data center race.

Roughly 200 counts from suspected Chinese bot forms have quietly tried to influence Americans to oppose AI data since on social media, XED Thursday nights.

The same thing that happened during the elections for both sides, going back and forth, it's incredibly easy to shape public opinions acts by just having a small number of social media accounts and pounding people and brigading them in their replies and forming what people believe incorrectly is consensus.

And the consensus is not that people don't like data centers.

It's that a bunch of bots are telling influential people that people don't like data centers.

I know you're about to move on topics, but I'm just going to say something right now, which is,

please, there's going to be a cascading set of decisions and reactions and people will anchor into points of view on this topic and related topics around AI,

which will look incredibly, incredibly dumb in six to nine months and a year from now.

And the reason it will look dumb is as the actual truth gets exposed, these folks will look

incredibly foolish.

That's my prediction.

Yeah, I mean, look, just on the influence op here, clearly there have been a lot of influence

ops around data centers.

There's a lot of fake information about this.

So there's a few different, I'd say, cadres here.

There's CCP.

There's the DSA-type wing of the Democrat Party, which frankly, I mean, both they and the

CCP, their communist parties who want to sabotage in America, so it kind of makes sense.

Then you've kind of got the Dumer Groups.

And there's a writer named Nuret Weissblatt who writes a blog called AI Panic, who a couple of

years ago traced that there were hundreds of these AstroTurf Dumer groups that were basically

funded by three EA billionaires in Silicon Valley.

It was Dustin Moskowitz, Jan Talon, and Vitalik Muturin.

Remember, Vitalik gave $600 million of dog coins to Future of Life, Founder.

foundation, and then they've been spending hundreds of millions of dollars on these campaigns to make people be afraid of AI and they see data centers as a good target.

So you really can't underestimate how much of a difference, you know, a billion dollars of donations from these EA billionaires, how much damage that's done in terms of the public perception of AI.

And to Tumas's point earlier, I mean, we are going to have like probably 100 new EA billionaires as a result of the anthropic IP.

And as those people find their way into politics, it will be like George Soros times 100 or a thousand.

They're just going to have 20 NGOs and 15 PR people working for them.

It's going to be nuts.

I mean, I told you guys that I was getting brigaded.

I created a bot sack that goes through my replies for me.

And it just says, anybody under a year, anybody under 200 followers, just tell me what they're tweeting.

And I look at these and it's all the same thing.

They're just brigading people constantly from fake accounts.

If you're under like a year old, you shouldn't be able to even be in people's replies unless

you have like your real name or you're a blue checkmark or something.

It's gotten out of control on these social networks.

It's so easy.

All right.

Let's keep going through the docket.

Got a lot to get to here.

And Freeberg, I need your comments and your insights on Mondami.

This is an interesting one.

He just put a one-year ban on AI inside New York City's public schools from kindergarten.

kindergarten through eighth grade. Now, this is something where people have been saying he banned

chat cheap, he banned AI, just let's slow down here and get into the details. New York City is the

largest school district in the United States. The moratorium starts next week. 600,000 students in

New York City. This covers all software that uses student-facing generative AI. High schools are exempt,

and Mandami is piloting an AI learning program with 50,000 high schoolers. So that's a very specific thing

that he's piloting that's different than these new guardrails. He also gave recommendations

for screen time caps, 30 minutes, Chamoth grades 3 through 5, 45 minutes grades 6 through 8.

Mondami's reasoning, quote, I have yet to see a study showing that AI is beneficial for students

in elementary and middle school. Obviously, Mondami is the face of Democratic socialism

in America. One New York City DSA member, Julie's

Swoop, said technology, quote, should not be mediated through a for-profit company that is

enriching tech oligarchs further.

I think he's talking about USACs.

He said oligarch.

Google, Microsoft, Anthropic, declined to comment.

Freiburg, what are your thoughts on this?

How far is this from how you think about how you would want your children to be raised if they

were going to New York City's public school system or whatever school system you choose to send

them to?

article published from Stanford in March of this year, counter to Mom Dani's statement.

They went through and they diligence all of the research that's been done on the use of

AI in K-12 education. It's a report called the evidence based on AI and K-12, the 2026 review.

They identified several hundred papers that have been published. Only 20 high-quality causal studies

is what they said. This was back in March, so many have been published since.

then. And the conclusion of the meta paper, the meta studies, if you will, is highlighted at the

bottom of the report. Student performance often improves with access to AI tools, but once removed,

results are mixed. Tool design matters, so not all tools are equal. And AI may meaningfully support

educators. So there's quite a bit of analysis that's been done. It's continuing to mount,

continuing to surface. There doesn't seem to be a strong evidence base to suggest that

AI is detrimental to kids' education and development or the educational process.

What I think we can all into it about this is that there is certainly a negative push from

teachers' unions against AI tools under threat of automation away from their core skill and

capacity and the lack of skill that educators have in utilizing AI to educate students in a

classroom-based setting. The common sense equivalent also on the flip side is that AI can

enable personalized tutoring, the objective being every individual learns at a different pace,

everyone learns differently, how you learn how I learn visually, orally with certain imagery

versus being told stories versus interactive project-based work or building work or dictation.

There's a lot of different ways that people learn.

All of those learning systems can be personalized to an individual.

And ultimately, that individual as a result should be able to progress more quickly,

have greater confidence in their learning.

And this is my kind of common sense belief,

not rooted in some study,

that AI ultimately will lead

to a much more kind of personalized system of education

for students.

And that is deeply disruptive

and deeply threatening to the traditionalist systems

of educator in a classroom.

Everyone learns the same way.

Everyone learns at the pace

of the slowest student in the classroom.

Typically, the educators have a lot of rules

around what they're required to do and not required to do because of the contracts negotiated by

their unions. And so there's a deep political orientation with Momdani's decision here to limit the

access to technology. I think it's unfortunate. I think it's really sad. I think that the opportunity

for AI to reinvent education, give kids a level up, to take any child from any background,

any socioeconomic condition, and give them the opportunity to accelerate their capacity

very quickly and very effectively is an incredibly powerful tool that should not be discarded

because of a bunch of bullshit that's been written about AI or concerns that we don't really know

or understand it. By the way, that is always the shorthand for dismissing away something

that's credibly going to change a system. We don't yet know. The we don't yet know,

we don't yet understand narrative can always be used at any point because you could always say,

well, there's more studies to be done. There's more analysis to be done. There's no limit to

that statement. And so in this case, I tried to highlight that there have been 800 studies,

at least 20 of which Stanford have identified as being very credible in their analysis of the

utilization of AI in K through 12. And so, yeah, I think that there's a political bent here,

but I think it's probably part of also this very kind of deep-rooted dysfunction that we've been

talking a lot about, this dysfunctional fear of technological evolution. No one understands it.

No one. When I say no one, I mean the general population feels this way.

No one knows where we're going with this.

We need to be careful.

We need to be cautious.

And I think that that's probably what's going to keep us back.

Now, why is that bad?

Why is it bad to take time?

Well, it's bad to take time when you have an opportunity to progress forward quickly and

aggressively because there are going to be alternatives out there.

They're going to be private schools that are going to use AI.

And I don't want to see kids of privilege and kids of wealth accelerate ahead because they're

getting an AI education while public school kids.

get left behind. I don't want to see kids in other cities, other states, and other countries

accelerate ahead when kids that are in certain districts that have this kind of anti-technologies,

kind of call it socialist orientation, get left behind. So I think there's a fundamental kind of

dysfunction socially that we're dealing with across all of this stuff with this massive

kind of technological upheaval that's underway. This is one manifestation of it. There's a rooting

that the mechanism of it is probably related to teachers' unions and the politics around this

stuff right now. Anti-AI is very popular. So his being anti-AI gets him more points, more kudos.

The unions love it. And so, you know, that's kind of my summary of what I think is going on here.

Great insight. And Mandami may not have lied here, Freiburg. He said he didn't see any studies.

He just may not have looked and you actually looked. Didn't click on that link.

He just didn't click on the link. So let's not, you know, give Mondami a hard time here.

Chimak, you are passionate about education. You got kids in various age groups. And so you've been through

this. And you're still going through it. And kids learn.

and thinking about devices. We talked about this just the other week with the meta settlement

and how challenging it is for parents. What's your take on this? Maybe you could steal, man,

what you think resonates with you in terms of use of AI, putting New York aside for your own kids

and what benefit is there of them not using AI and where do you think it's actually great

that they use AI? Take us into what you think as a parent and put the politics aside for a second,

be well. I think it's inconceivable to me that kids will not have an adaptive learning platform

as their primary way of learning. I think this idea of grade one, then grade two, then grade three

is, as Freiburg said, a lowest common denominator approach to education. I don't think it works.

I think it's more conceivable that in the future we have kids that have very different learning

styles, some are more visual, some are more auditory, and we have different learning paces.

And if you could have something that's much more tailored to each individual person's learning

style, where you have guides that help you in moments, and then the rest of the time,

you're teaching executive function and teamwork and problem solving, all of these other things,

sports, that's a much better outcome for all kids. So that's the right answer. Right now, there are

only charter school options around that answer. The leading edge of that being Alpha School,

which is our friend Joe Lewan, you know, a big shout out to him and his team. But I think that's

the answer that's going to win. Let me just give you another reflection, Jason. I think that this is

an incredibly important moment. We should demarcate this. This is when New York becomes Mississippi,

while Mississippi becomes New York. What do I mean? In all of these highly liberal bastions,

they are embracing this far left-wing ideology

and I think it's going to come with these kinds of policies

and I think what it will do is it is a self-imposed form of modern segregation

and it is going to completely push an entire generation of kids in these cities

that are subject to these rules into poverty.

and it will keep them there.

And so inasmuch, I think you're going to see this flippening

where all the states that embrace AI, that embrace the data centers,

that embrace the tax cuts, that embrace the teacher bonuses,

they're just going to end up ahead.

And you're going to have people who are in a position to move, move,

and then instead what's going to be left over in many of these cities

that embrace these things to the extreme are hollowed out versions of their original self.

And that's going to reorder the economic balance inside the United States and the voting balance and many of these philosophies.

So I think it's very important.

I think he should run the test.

I apologize and I feel deep empathy for the working men and women whose kids will be over by this.

But I think people can only learn in touching the stove and getting bird.

Okay, Sacks, maybe you could go into the political side of this if there is one and maybe what is your cynical take on what's going on here.

Do you believe this is a reaction to the oligarchs?

I joke previously.

I don't know about you, but it does have a little bit of a tinge there of democratic socialism.

And it feels like maybe they want to sacrifice kids or this is one interpretation that is happening online.

I'm not saying it's mine.

But people are saying, hey, they're trying to sacrifice kids because they don't want Sam Altman

or Dario or whichever service it is, Microsoft, to get a couple of shackles for, you know,

software being used in the classroom.

And of course, they would all give the software to them for free.

And the current versions of it, you can use 80% for free.

So that makes no logical sense that they're sticking it to the man in the big oligarchic tech industry.

Your thoughts?

Well, look, the DSA has just really come out against.

any innovation, they're kind of just on the side of anti-progress. They've kind of fully embraced

the Luddite side of the argument. And I think to the points that Freiburg and Schmoth were making

earlier, this is going to be just really bad for the kids. You know, we've been talking for 30 years

about a digital divide in this country where supposedly the kids of wealthy people would have

access to the best tools and the kids of poor people would not have access to those tools and

they'd fall even further behind. Well, here you have a case.

where, of course, private schools are going to continue to use the best AI-powered tools.

And now the public schools are not going to have access to those tools, not because they don't

have the money, not because the technology is not available, but because the political leadership

is trying to sabotage those kids.

And, you know, it's going to be bad for them.

And I guess, you know, if you were to describe a motive to it, I don't think Mamdani

and his political group, his party, really care if they create more political dependence.

I mean, in a sense, their whole movement consists of downwardly,

mobile progressives. And if you're looking for a motive, maybe they're fine having these kids

be doweringly mobile. I don't know. Maybe that benefits them politically. They may actually not

have kids at all. And they're making these rules. And it's people with kids who are not part of the,

because if you look at all these people, these are all like, you know, blue-haired single people

with no children. Right. Actually, let me bring one other element into this. Such a good point,

Yeah. So look, I don't think we really need to get into motives. We can just say it's a bad policy and leave it at that. But let me just bring in one other element of this, which is it's not a full ban. Okay. What they also said is that for a maximum of 50,000 high school students, they're going to have a pilot program, these so-called modules in which they teach AI literacy. But listen to how they describe it. They say that all high school students will have

access to twice yearly AI literacy classes designed to help them think critically about AI

before they begin to rely on it.

Okay.

These modules will introduce students to what AI is and is not.

This is their language, as well as AI-related bias, risks, ethical considerations, and

impacts on careers and future skills.

And it says that all use will take place under direct supervision of a trained educator and

will involve carefully vetted AI tools.

The pilots were selected based on rigorous safety and data privacy standards.

So you hear there a lot of this sort of dumer lingo.

I mean, those modules, it sounds like they could have been written by some of these safety people,

you know, this language about AI bias and discrimination, things like that.

I mean, honestly, those classes sound not like you're going to learn how to use the tools

to get the best education, but about how you're going to learn to be suspicious of the tools.

and maybe that's like a small part of what you should develop because I guess you should

be suspicious of everything, but it doesn't really sound like those courses are going to benefit

kids. It sounds like they're going to put them through Dumer Academy, quite frankly.

Yeah.

It doesn't sound like Dumer Academy?

Yeah.

Yeah.

So think about the competitiveness of our kids versus Chinese kids.

Yeah.

China, we know, is incorporating AI into K-12 education.

Yeah.

Their kids are going to learn how to take advantage of these tools.

Robots, sent them to the Robot Olympics, getting internships there.

Yeah.

Meanwhile, we either are banning AI in our school or we're putting the kids through, you know,

some sort of Dumer's safetyist module that's going to teach them why they should resent

and resist AI as opposed to embrace it to their benefit.

So, I know, it just seems like this is not going to make our kids more competitive.

Let the experiment run, unfortunately, but let the experiment run.

We need to measure it.

I have a bunch of thoughts here.

I am a big advocate of Montessori, but I'm also a big advocate of adaptive learning and what these AI tutors are able to do to a motivated student whose family cannot afford a tutor.

I just want to put two disparate points together here.

And they're somewhat opposing, Nick, if you could pull up the first from the NIH here about the MIT study.

And I'll send this one to you, Freeberger.

You can look it up.

It's very interesting.

They took a group of 54 participants, and sorry to get into Science Corner here, and still your Thunder, Freebra.

I should have cleared this with you ahead of time, but I was reading this paper, 54 participants from last year, into three groups, over four sessions.

And this is over four months.

They were using chat GPT for essay writing, not unlike the conversation we had about the Wall Street Journal editorial page last week.

And one group was using a search engine, one was using traditional web search.

the brain-only group wrote essays without using any tools.

And then the researchers used the headsets there to watch their brain activity.

And what happened was the LLM users showed severe deficits, quote, in memory and essay ownership,

with 83% being unable to quote from the essays they had just written.

Basically, what they're saying here is, if you use these LLMs instead of being able to do it acoustically,

being able to do it like Montessori philosophy on your own, your brain atrophies don't even remember

what you wrote. And the search engine group was somewhere in between because they had to remember things

and they had to pull these things together. Your brain atrophies if you don't actually do the work.

That's what we're learning. Just like your body will atrophy if you don't work in the fields like we

used to do. And that's why we all go to gyms now. But correlating that super importantly is the two sigma

a problem. So Bloom, and I'm sure you're aware of this research, Freebird. So this is super

interesting, but will not be shocking to anybody of means. My parents could never afford a tutor.

I was a product of the public school system until eighth grade and then went to Severian

private Catholic school, which was like super cheap. But basically, we've known since the 80s

that if you are one-on-one tutor, you are two standard deviation betters than students that

are educated in a classroom. So two things can be true at the same time. These

students, to your point, Shemoth, they don't have this experiment being run. They're, they're

realistically, if they're going to the New York City public school systems. Their parents, in all

likelihood, like mine, didn't have the ability to hire a tutor. I'm assuming Sachs you came from a little

bit of the middle class background. I'm assuming you did have some tutors. Am I, am I correct?

No, I don't have tutors. No tutors. Okay, so you had to just do it all on your own. Yeah, I didn't

necessarily want to. SAT tutor, no. No, you know what? I went to, I wish I had done like an SET workshop. I went

that test cold. I never did anything. And you got 1400? Yeah. You did 1350? No, no, no. I got,

I got like, uh, 1420 my first time. And I'm like, man, you know what? If I had like actually

prep for that, I might have done better. I got 1100 and I, then I didn't get prepped. I did,

retook it and did better. But anyway, yeah, I mean, I didn't know any of this stuff. Yeah. So

here's the tension. Most parents do not want their kids to do this work and have their brains atrophy and not

learn how to do it from a basic level. Putting aside the drug and millic conversation from last week,

you want people to be able to learn how to read and write and do this stuff organically,

acoustically, whatever term you want to do, and then learn how to use the AI to help them,

augment them, et cetera. But I'm concerned that the motivated students who cannot use these tools

properly, who also can't afford to be part of the two sigma group of parents who know very well,

All you have to do is get your kid a tutor.

And unlike self-motivated sacks, they're going to easily get to $1,400 on their SAT with a tutor because the thing is wrote.

It's very easy to get to $1,300, $1,400, $1,400 with a tutor.

And so I'm super concerned about not having an AI tutor.

And I feel like, you know, there's two things can be right at the same time with this.

And I really don't like this experiment as currently constructive.

All right.

Interestingly, President Trump has just closed.

the deal for Venezuela's oil. Back in January, I think everybody knows, the U.S. military in a perfect,

perfectly executed operation captured Nicholas Maduro. And he obviously was Venezuela's

socialist leader who was very pro-China, pro-Russia, and obviously Venezuela's in our hemisphere.

Trump said the U.S. would control Venezuela's oil, which they have a lot of. It's not super clean.

they do have a lot of it. And he made a deal with Maduro's replacement. President Rodriguez is now

in charge. Now we have the details of this. North American Blue Energy Partners gets a 100-year

concession over 17 oil fields. This includes 65 billion barrels, 65B billion barrels of reserves

that were once controlled by Russia, Chinese, and Maduro entities. The U.S. government controls 55.

percent of the deal. Pentagon gets 35 percent equity. The Pentagon gets a third of the equity.

State Department gets rights to buy 20 percent of output at cost. Interesting. I guess that's for

our reserves and our military. This was signed by Rubio and Hegsseth with Venezuela's interim president.

As I mentioned, Blue Energy Partners is pledging roughly $100 billion in new infrastructure. A lot of other

companies, Chevron, et cetera. And a bunch of unnamed ones also are going to get some deals.

said this deal will be at, quote, no cost to the American taxpayer, sacks. I'll throw you a fastball

here if you want it or I can give you the softball. Which one do you want?

I just like the fastball. You like the fastball. Okay, here it comes coming in. I hope you're

wearing a helmet. Should we be seizing and taking over countries and seizing their oil fields?

People feel like this might be nation building that we're putting in puppet dictators. Is this something

America should be doing? Do we have the right to do this? This is the.

the hard question people are asking, or does my equal right?

Well, I definitely don't think this is nation building.

You know, we're not trying to stand up an army here like we did in Afghanistan.

We're not trying to teach them about toxic masculinity.

We're not trying to stand up a government or anything like that.

We're not trying to teach them how to do American-style democracy.

We're just making a business deal.

This is a business deal.

And, you know, it's amazing to me all the people who are saying, well, this is exploitative

of Venezuela, and this is a bad deal for the people of Venezuela. Have you looked at Venezuela's oil

production under Maduro? It already wasn't very high, given the incredible reserves that Venezuela has,

but under Maduro, the production dropped by about two-thirds over the last decade. So they used to

produce about three million barrels a day. Under Maduro, it went down to about a million barrels a day.

And this is a country with some of the largest oil reserves in the world. People debate exactly

what should count. I think if you look at the total amount of reserves, it's something like

300 billion barrels of oil, which is around the same as Saudi Arabia, just a little bigger

than Saudi Arabia. Now, some people say, well, a lot of that is like this extremely heavy,

crude sort of like sludge that's not usable. I think that's the so-called Orinoco reserves,

But that's only about 200 of the 300.

So they still have about 100 billion barrels of, you could say it's still a heavy crude,

but those proven reserves, I think, aren't really debated.

So you're talking about a huge amount of oil here.

And then I guess this is one last point on this is that that type of heavy crude is actually

very complementary to our own.

So in the United States, through the magic of fracking, we've basically developed all of this oil and gas.

but our oil is this light sweet crude.

That's good for refining it down to gasoline.

But the heavy crude is what produces the distillates,

and that's where diesel comes from.

And our refineries in the Gulf were built for heavy crude.

And it's very expensive to try and retrofit them to do the light crude.

So actually, our refineries are sort of perfectly set up to take in this heavy crude

and turn it into diesel and other distillates.

So I think it's really a win-win deal for the U.S. and for Venezuela.

Again, Venezuela was doing horribly before.

I think this has to improve their economy.

And I think it's really good news for the U.S.

To your point, Sachs, over the past five and ten years,

the price per barrel of oil coming out of Venezuela has averaged past 10 years,

$53 a barrel, past five years, $58 a barrel.

So they're getting a pretty good deal.

We're paying a little premium here to control it all.

They were selling at a discount to China, I think.

It was like a $20 barrel discount to basically sell.

Yeah.

So I guess when you're dealing with authoritarian countries and you don't have a free market to put the stuff out there, you get a slightly discounted price.

Somebody's got to skim something here and get a reason and they got to ship it across the world.

Freeberg, your thoughts on this?

Do you have any concerns about?

the nation building, et cetera, putting in what some people are saying is a puppet president.

Is it in the best interest of the people of Venezuela? Are we doing a solid for Venezuela to create

more stability by being the buyer of this? Or is this just something we have to do? We have to control

our hemisphere and we have to be energy independent given the state of the war with Iran and the

closure of the strait of Hormuz. The biggest motivating factor may be keeping the

this oil away from the sweetheart deal for Russia and China.

If you look at the historical tie-up with Venezuela and the Maduro regime,

it was a discounted oil trade system.

There's all these stories about Maduro being the head of the snake of all of this kind

of illicit activity, and a lot of this was driven by Russia and Chinese interest in the

energy reserves, and they were providing support.

and this actually provided capacity to fund activities by the Russians in Cuba.

So there's a lot of this state acting theory about what's the real motivation for getting an

energy deal done, not just in terms of, is it good for America, but is it bad for America's

enemies? And that that may be kind of a big motivation around this. Now, one of the more kind of

surprising outcomes over the last day is, you guys may remember, I interviewed Maria Corina Machado.

She was the individual who was running for president and ended up having what was supposedly

an election that was not accurate and she was supposed to have won and didn't win.

And yesterday she came out and said that this Venezuelan government does not have the

authority to do this energy deal with the U.S. despite her historically having been viewed

as an American ally.

So one thing to take note of is that she was not given the presidency.

And now she's saying this government is illegitimate.

This government should not be allowed to make these deals.

We as the people of Venezuela should feel angry and upset and left out about this whole thing.

So there seems to be kind of this now political turning.

I think I don't really have a good sense.

And I think it'd be interesting to know what are the people in Venezuela think about this deal.

And to Sachs' point, it seems like it should be a good economic deal relative to where they're coming from.

will that actually translate into improving the lives of the people in Venezuela,

which ultimately is what matters here?

And assuming that the lives of the people in Venezuela are improving rather than enriching

a small number of people in Venezuela, which is what has happened historically in that

country under the last regime, then there may be kind of a long-term welcoming of this deal.

But I do think there's two aspects to this, one of which is just keeping America's enemies at bay

so that these energy fields are not exploited by America's enemies.

And second is ensuring that the Venezuelan people realize the benefit of this transaction rather

than it being a corrupt government.

Is this super provocative Friedberg in that we have turned off Russia and China's access to Iran's

oil with our war with Iran now in its seventh month?

And we took Venezuela away.

Are these two actions incredibly provocative?

And have they had any kind of a downside?

to China because they seem to be all in on nuclear, solar, and other modalities.

So are these two things super provocative?

And are they going to cause us to get into an escalation with China?

The second question, I think, is a little bit independent.

But I think China imports like 11 million barrels a day of crude oil.

Venezuela is only producing a million barrels a day.

So if China's importing 11, well, they're importing 11 before the war.

That number's actually gone down a lot.

And we can talk about why, but since the war started.

But China gets most of its oil from the Middle East, Persian Gulf, and from Russia.

I mean, so Venezuela is a small number.

I mean, look, I think Freeberg's right that that is a big part of our motive is securing those reserves that are in the Western Hemisphere.

They are massive.

It's a very, again, complementary type of oil to the oil we have.

I think it's just smart for national security, smart economic deal.

Jake, out, to your point, does this get us more invested in Venezuela?

I think there is a little bit of a risk there because if we're going to invest billions of dollars

in upgrading their infrastructure so that we can produce three million barrels a day instead of one,

we need to know that that investment is protected.

We can't have some future government coming along and just nationalizing our American oil companies over there, right?

We need to know that these business deals.

That we're not going to get rug pulled and they just seize our upgrades.

They could seize the upgrades.

Yeah.

This business deal is supposed to last for 25 years.

So it does give us a vested interest in making sure.

that the Venezuelan government at least respects our property rights. But I'm glad that President Trump

didn't put Machado in charge because how's she going to stay in power? Like what guns are going to

basically protect her? You know, it takes men with guns to basically stay in power in these countries.

And you're strong man slash woman. I'm not saying that it can't be democratic. I'm just saying that

if you're not installed in the power structure there and have backers in the military, things like that,

then it's very hard to stay in power.

And that's the kind of thing where we could have to send American GIs in to protect her.

And we don't want that, right?

So the nice thing about the Venezuela situation is Dulce Rodriguez and her brother are basically running the country.

She was the number two.

Now she's running it.

They appear to have enough support from the establishment there.

And so, like, that's kind of what the American interest is, I think.

It's just to have a stable government there that will basically conduct economic relations with us.

Yeah.

Chimoth, any thoughts here on what's happening in Venezuela?

I don't really stay close to it.

I don't really know.

Don't know.

Okay.

That's fair enough.

Fair enough.

All right.

There it is, everybody.

Episode 288.

Somehow, this band has kept it together for 288 albums and tracks.

We're going to make it to 300, boys.

I think we're in a good rhythm. The show feels easier to do now than it did for a long time.

Yeah. I wonder why. I wonder why.

The AI has been a very good, good thing for the pod.

We're parting like it's 1999 on the pod. Let's fucking go to Coppo. Let's fucking go. We'll see everybody in Cobb.

Love you, guys. Love your best. Bye, bye, bye.

Rain Man, David Sachs.

Gorset to the fans. And they've just, love you.

I can't just get a room and just have one big huge orgy because they're all just

It's like this sexual tension, but they just need to release somehow.