=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: All-In ===
Titel: All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg - Prince Andrew Arrested, Epstein Mythology, Reid Hoffman Files with Saagar Enjeti & Michael Tracey
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/all-in-with-chamath-jason-sacks-friedberg/prince-andrew-arrested-epstein-mythology-reid-hoffman-files-with-saagar-enjeti-michael-tracey
Datum: 2026-02-22
Länge: ~111k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
========================================

besties: https://x.com/chamath https://x.com/Jason https://x.com/DavidSacks https://x.com/friedberg Follow on X: https://x.com/theallinpod Follow on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/theallinpod Follow on TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@theallinpod Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/allinpod Intro Music Credit: https://rb.gy/tppkzl https://x.com/yung_spielburg Intro Video Credit: https://x.com/TheZachEffect Referenced in the show: https://x.com/kevinnbass/status/2024276079888732649 https://www.nytimes.com/live/2026/02/19/world/uk-prince-andrew-arrest-epstein https://signalohio.org/les-wexner-deposed-by-house-oversight-committee-over-epstein-ties https://www.nytimes.com/2025/12/16/magazine/jeffrey-epstein-money-scams-investigation.html https://www.axios.com/2019/09/12/reid-hoffman-jeffrey-epstein-mit-donations https://x.com/kevinnbass/status/2023941188588290502 https://x.com/kevinnbass/status/2024276084401828260 https://x.com/kevinnbass/status/2023941213951512966 https://x.com/presentwitness_/status/2024522531542356447

Read less

Transcript

Discussion

(0)

Okay, everyone. By popular demand, we're doing an all Epstein show today. My besties are all on vacation for

ski week, so I'm taking this on solo. We have three different guests on who all have very different

interpretations and opinions of the Epstein story. Sagar and Jetti from Breaking Points believes that

the Epstein story shows that there is a quote-unquote Epstein class that operates above law and

accountability. If used the story as an indictment of our ruling elites,

Michael Tracy is skeptical about many of the most delicious claims about Epstein and questions whether they meet any kind of evidentiary standard.

He has criticized the media feeding frenzy over what he has called Epstein mythology.

And finally, Kevin Bass, a citizen journalist who's been tracking the release files and posting his findings on X, specifically in regards to Reed Hoffman, perhaps the figure in tech most closely associated with Jeffrey Epstein.

Some of it gets heated, but hopefully you'll come away with new perspectives and great information.

I felt like it was important to showcase a range of viewpoints on this issue.

I'm trying to keep an open mind, and I'll describe my own point of view at the end of the show.

And with that, here we go.

Sager, let me start with you.

What is the import of the arrest of Prince Andrew in the UK this morning?

I mean, is this a case of Show Us the Man and we'll tell you the crime?

I mean, obviously it seems kind of coincidental that he's not being arrested for misconduct in the

Epstein affair. He's being arrested on mishandling, I guess, trade secrets or public documents.

So obviously, the timing of this is not coincidental.

No, it's certainly not coincidental, but I do believe that the facts do matter in this case.

And unfortunately, you know, for Prince Andrew, for Lord Mandelson, the former ambassador to the United

States from the UK as well, it is pretty clear cut that they did violate their official duties.

We should remember that the crux of this case involving Andrew is not just a.

about some of the accusations that were made,

although that is the genesis, let's say,

of the investigation of the interest.

This is about Prince Andrews serving as a UK trade advisor

and forwarding non-public information to Jeffrey Epstein

has been released that's currently in the file.

Some of it is involving scheduling.

However, Gordon Brown this morning said that he had actually shared

some new information with Scotland Yard in the police.

So it's not exactly just what's in the file,

but it could potentially be other material

that Gordon Brown and the Chancellor,

were able to investigate as to what Prince Andrew was sharing as part of a broader probe

into Lord Mandelson and the tip off that he gave to Jeffrey Epstein about an upcoming bailout.

And I do think that this does reveal quite a lot about Jeffrey Epstein.

The next is the genesis of his rise to power, his wealth, and his influence, something

that involved, let's say even some of the co-hosts, let's say, on this very podcast,

which is a deep financial knowledge of money laundering networks, of trying to be at the

very forefront of moving money across the globe, which I believe is his real power and his influence,

which is what enabled much of the behavior that much of the public is now horrified by.

Okay, wait, I can't let that just go by. What do you mean by involving co-hosts of this podcast?

Well, I'm talking about Jason. I actually thought that the Jason email was very interesting.

So you'll see it in 2011 that Jeffrey Epstein is contacting Jason about Bitcoin.

This is by, I saw, I watched your discussion. I'm not implicating him in any crime.

saying, if you watch and look at that email very closely, you are watching Jeffrey Epstein

a master money launderer and financial mastermind himself be at the forefront of the Bitcoin

technology and wondering about it in 2011, which as Jason even pointed out in the last

episode that you guys did about this, when Bitcoin was some $1 and some sort of open source

project.

Like to me, that shows how at the forefront he was of new technology and new ways to move money

surreptitiously across the globe, which is where.

what I believe was his real strength and his basically his, his, uh,

raison d'etra for being so useful to all of these different foreign governments and

intelligence assets, including ours, Russia, Israel, various different is really,

or various different intelligence, uh, networks across the globe.

Yeah.

Let me just for, for viewers this episode who didn't see that episode, let me just summarize what

exactly happened there.

because I want to just make sure that Jason's reputation is not unfairly impugned.

And I don't think you're doing that, but just to be absolutely clear about it,

what happened was that Jason hosted an episode of This Weekend's startups roughly,

I think in 2011 with a couple of the Bitcoin core founders.

And then Epstein reached out to him for an introduction to those people.

I thought, and one of my takeaways from that was, like you said, Saigar,

that Epstein was extraordinarily early to Bitcoin.

He clearly had a note.

for putting himself in the middle of things.

I think 2011 is when I discovered Bitcoin.

So that was relatively early.

I thought it was almost comical the way that Jason was trying to warn Epstein.

Oh, you don't want to meet these guys.

These are some crazies.

They're like these crypto-libertarians.

They want to take down the government.

There's no profit.

There's no investment opportunity here.

In a way, it was kind of comical that Jason

Jason was trying to warn Epstein about the Bitcoin guys rather than vice versa. But I don't really

think people knew at that point in time what Epstein was involved in. Do you disagree with that?

Do you think people should have known by 2011?

Well, David, I mean, I will say, there is a way back machine and we can go back and we can look

at what the Google results were. And we do have somebody who pled guilty. And look, I mean,

this is for every individual to make up their own mind. You can't Google for solicitation of

prostitution involving a minor. I mean, that was.

was literally a matter of public record.

I can only speak for myself.

That's not really somebody I would involve myself with even at a professional level.

And I mean, I guess, yeah.

Had you known?

Well, you can Google it.

It's literally public record.

But it wasn't widely publicized at the time.

I thought it did.

There were numerous news articles that described it.

I thought the Palm Beach story didn't come out until, or sorry, maybe it was Miami Herald,

didn't come out until 2018.

Well, you're, yeah, you're talking about the 2018, kind of the broader story.

But the original solicitation, a prostitution involving a minor charge,

2007, I believe, is when the non-prosecution agreement came to bear. That was all public record in terms

of registration of a sex offender. And again, you can use the wayback machine and you can go back

and look. I mean, again, this doesn't necessarily implicate anybody in a crime and anybody can

make up the decision for themselves as to how they would have, you know, involve themselves

with that person. But it was out there. Like it wasn't unknown. And I do think it's not really

responsible to imply otherwise. Quick factual clarification on that, although it wasn't an

enormous story at the time. You can find coverage in the New York Times in July of 2008 after Epstein

pleaded guilty to the two state level prostitution charges. We didn't have the full scope of the

information, obviously, about what he was accused of or the nature of the non-prosecution agreement,

but a Google search would have yielded that at that time. Yeah, that's right. Yeah,

it's hard for me to judge. I certainly, in that time period, had never even heard of Jeffrey

Epstein. And I don't think most people had. When did this become a,

sort of a cause-seleb. I mean, wasn't it more around his arrest?

2018, I would say.

2018. Yeah, I think it's important to explain.

When the incredibly overrated Miami Herald series by Julie K. Brown, which is just rife with

errors and mischaracterizations, became this sensation across the media landscape.

And Julie K. Brown was showered with all these accolades from all these bogus journalism

industry organizations. Even though, for example, I caught her fabricating quotes in her book,

perversion of justice, which was based on the initial Miami Herald series.

Yeah, but Michael, I don't think that you would deny.

Most clownish people in the journalism landscape right now.

Michael, I don't think that you would deny that ultimately that this did not, yes, it was

sparked by Julie Kay Brown's Miami Herald stories, that a federal judge was not necessarily

like, you know, a federal judge who reviewed the non-prosecution agreement did say that

this was a violation of the Crime Victims Rights Act.

Yeah, that was overturned on appeal.

Right.

Well, I understand.

However, at this has also gone forth to the Supreme Court involving Galane Maxwell, as I

understand now is currently being litigated, but I do think it is important. The Supreme Court rejected it.

Yeah, that's what I'm talking. You mean Maxwell's appeal? I'm talking about the Maxwell appeal,

but specifically the non-prosecution agreement and the overturning is what re-led to the current

indictment of the 2019 indictment of Jeffrey Epstein. No. That's wrong, Sager. No, well, go ahead.

I'm happy for you to explain it to me. Go ahead. I mean, this is a misconception. The non-prosecution

agreement was never overturned. Galane Maxwell's argument includes, let me just finish.

Sure.

Galane Maxwell's argument in her appeals included citing the non-prosecution agreement as something

that she claimed she ought to have been covered by.

Yes.

And therefore insulated from federal prosecution, which was initiated against her in 2020.

The non-prosecution agreement was never nullified.

It was never voided.

Bradley Edwards, the victim lawyer, attempted to convince federal judges to somehow nullify it,

but he failed.

The reason why Jeffrey Epstein,

was federally reprosecuted in 2019 is because prosecutors in the Southern District of New York,

Maureen Comey at all, concocted this cockamamie rationale for how they could circumvent the non-prosecution

agreement by picking, claiming they found a new victim in New York, claiming that there was some

interstate nexus in which they could tie some of the old Florida allegations, but it was never

nullified at all. So just to be clear about that. I apologize for not being very specific in my

language. It was ruled in 2019 that had violated the crime victim's rights act. That's what led to

the re-indictment. But what I'm specific, well, no, there was no connection. Well, no, because that led to the

story reopening from Miami Herald and that led then to the 2019 SD&Y prosecution. I'm sorry, not to be

combated, but you have your chronology wrong. Well, the Miami Herald's story was based on

2018. Came at 2018. Yeah, that was based on Julie K. K. Brown colluding with the victim's lawyers,

It's not the court ruling on the crime and victims rights act.

All right, guys, go ahead.

Let me just get control of this again because I think we're going down a rabbit hole and there's lots of aspects of the story that we could discuss.

I think that we should probably judge each person who interacted with Epstein or visit his island and so forth and so on individually in terms of what they actually did, what they actually knew.

Saga, I just think you're being a little bit unfair to Jason because all he did was exchange emails with Fetting in the 2011 time period.

That's all.

Well, what I was trying to point out was Jeffrey Epstein's knowledge or interest of Bitcoin in 2011,

and that links to a broader Epstein involvement with money laundering and tax fraud

and so-called involvement with Leon Black and many of these other multi-billionaires who paid him lots of money.

I'm just saying I'm putting that as part of a piece into a broader scheme.

Yes. And I think that exchange was noteworthy for the reason you just said,

which is that Epstein somehow was putting himself in the...

the middle of all sorts of things. I mean, he's almost like a zealig-like figure who pops up

in many different newsworthy stories over the last few decades, which is what I think makes

this interesting. I think maybe a question for each of you is, who do you think this guy

ultimately was? I mean, you hear all sorts of theories. Let's say maybe the Epstein

maximalist position would be that he was an intelligence asset or intelligence agent.

who was running a vast compromise operation on his island and thereby was corrupting and blackmailing

the world's elite to someone who, I think, Michael, you have a different point of view on that.

Let me not characterize it. I'll let you guys do it. But Sagar, let me start with you.

Who do you think this guy was? And ultimately, you know, at a 30,000 foot level, what do you think

is going on here? What is this Epstein story really about? And then, Michael, I want to go to you on the same question.

Yeah, sure. I mean, I do think that there is a very low IQ, unfortunate, you know, explosion of accusations that are out there. And I want to be very responsible in the way that I describe it. I think that Jeffrey Epstein was somebody who arose under very suspicious conditions in the 1980s, potentially involving Iran-Contra, knowledge, specifically with arms traffickers like Adnan Khashoggi and Douglas Lees, Stephen Hoffenberg, as well. And that these black market money laundering, tax evasion,

strategies were honed over a period, which eventually ensnared various people like Leslie Wexner

and many other multibillionaires. And that at the very same time, he also had, you know, his

sexual proclivities, which I think at this point, were well known and that those became and

became useful. His money laundering specific duties and knowledge and usefulness, let's say to the CIA,

to various other intelligence assets, became a very useful part of the nexus in the post-Cold War

environment and that at the time it was also socially known for a lot of Epsine associates that he

had this bizarre practice of often, you know, seeking out massages, which in some cases, they are saying

involving underage girls. And so to say that he was running a vast compromise operation,

I think ascribes too much intention to what's really happening here. And the reason why I'm

being intentional in my language is that what he clearly was doing was recruiting and running this

vast massage scheme also involving Galane Maxwell all across the world, Russian and Eastern European

women, but also that this behavior was tolerated in some cases seen by a vast number of the

global elite. Now, the 2007 circumstances of the non-prosecution agreement, you know,

and Michael and I could go back on this forward a long time as to the circumstances of which that

arose. However, I don't think, Michael, you would even deny that his access to wealth power and money

did eventually allow him to get off with the 2007 non-prosecution agreement and the eventual

sweetheart deal that he gets with his hiring. I wouldn't agree with that, actually. Well, I mean,

I don't think the average Joe can just hire Ken Starr and private investigators and lawyers to

tell some of the- Oh, sure. I mean, his vast wealth enabled him to secure very high-power legal

representation. Well, that's what I'm claiming is that certain. But this whole concept of a sweetheart deal is a

total canard that it was popularized by Julian King Brown.

Michael, I don't want to get off on that yet.

But just go back to my original question of, what does your 30,000 foot take on what this

story is about?

Who was this guy in your view?

I will answer that.

However, I do want to just stipulate up front that I think this reflex to have to offer some

kind of totalistic assessment of who Jeffrey Epstein was, his very essence, has fed into so much

of the constant churn of algorithmic slop that at...

has generated this hysterical frenzy around this issue and has led to people being totally

diluted about what we're even talking about. What do most people, I have some surmises about

Jeffrey Epstein. He definitely was a money manager who, as you mentioned, was sort of like this

Zeele character who did have an extraordinary cross section of connections with people from across

fields. And, you know, I just was looking through some of these records in the new Epstein

Files productions. And I was looking for something else. But there are.

there's an archive of these old message pads that he had at his Palm Beach House. And I'm

scrolling through. And it turns out Holly Berry left him a couple of messages. I had no idea that

Holly Berry was ever in contact with Jeffrey Epstein. So you can always find somebody new and

novel who apparently had one dealing or another with him. But why are we talking about Jeffrey

Epstein right now in February of 2006? Because Pete, he is believed to have been the most prolific

child sex trafficker in American or perhaps world.

history, which is why this issue might now take down the British government. It's embroiling Norway.

A minister in Slovakia had to resign over it. There's a new criminal investigation that was just

launched in France, et cetera. That's what people conceive Jeffrey Epstein to have been. And that

whole notion is based on just an onslaught of mythological nonsense that's pumped out daily

by these YouTube shows, I won't mention names,

podcasts, et cetera, social media personalities,

who are driven by these perverse algorithmic incentives

to be totally divorced from the facts,

foreground this rampant speculation

that ties in the Mossad, ties in,

unnamed other intelligence agencies

with this presumed implication

or this presumed reality

that, of course, we know for sure

that Jeffrey Epstein was running this pedo crime ring.

And they presuppose a conclusion that's just been floating out there in the ether

thanks to all this horrendous media coverage.

I think this is the worst story of my adult lifetime in terms of the media coverage,

and it implicates the alternative media, the mainstream media, and everybody in between.

It's actually shocking.

I will predict here and now that if we revisit this issue, and I don't know, two or three

years, people will come to realize, if I have anything to do with it, that they were

bamboozled on a mass scale. There's genuine fraud that has been rampant in the journalistic

malfeasance. We're not supposed to ever consider the massive financial incentives where the Epstein

industry is now something like I've estimated a billion dollars in terms of the payouts that have been

given to purported victims who are allowed to just reimagine things that happened to them

20 years before as an adult, not as a child, but adult at the time of their claim victimization

and then call themselves a sex trafficking victim,

and then they can secure a couple million dollars tax-free from J.P. Morgan,

and the media will hail them as these brave survivors

without doing a single thing to check the veracity of any of their claims.

You know why people are so upset about these redactions in the Epstein Files?

And I'm upset, too.

I criticized Thomas Massey and Rokana for the language of their bill that they crafted,

the Epstein Files Transparency Act,

which they crafted in concert with Bradley Edwards,

this extortionist, quote unquote, victim's lawyer who's made a killing on this issue over the past 10 years

in conjunction with David Boyes, another Scheister.

And Bradley Edwards, at his urging, Rokane and Thomas Massey put in this giant carve-out to so-called transparency and disclosure into their bill,

such that the DOJ was authorized to redact or withhold or conceal any information that could be the most tangentially tied to anything that's, quote,

victim identifying. So they've been arguing frantically in federal court for the past few months

that they're opposed to the disclosure of Epstein files because it's going to terrorize all these

beleaguered women. I don't know. Do you think that maybe if we did get full transparency,

it might disrupt this sanitized, quote, survivor narrative that everybody pushes so credulously.

I'll just give you one example. And I don't want to go on for too long. And there's so many

threads that I could pull here that you have to kind of rein me in.

But one narrative that could disrupt if we actually did get genuine disclosure, which were not.

And in fact, Edwards at all demanded that the entire archive be taken down because this disclosure was just too horrendously threatening to them.

We would maybe get more insight into some of the government propaganda that's been allowed to promulgate unchecked.

And Saga, I wonder if you've corrected this on breaking points.

You can let me know.

But for months, politicians across the media, the political,

spectrum, as well as the media writ large, have unthinkingly regurgitated this figure that there

were over a thousand victims of Jeffrey Epstein. Sometimes that gets upgraded to thousands of victims.

That's what Pramila Japal said at the Bondi hearing last week.

Rokana constantly blurts out this claim of over a thousand survivors.

And this is based on the July 6, 2025 FBI DOJ memo, which claim that they, after a review of

the evidence after the second Trump administration came in, they found that over 1,000,

victims were, quote, harmed by Epstein. So they used this very conspicuous, conspicuous

weasel wordage. And it was very dubious to me the instant I read it. Turns out, you know,

thank God on some level for the Epstein files, because there is a major revelation contained

therein, which is that this whole, this number is a fraud. It's bogus. They, they admit in FBI

memoranda that this number is based on a total of purported victims, the majority of whom

would have been adults at the time of their claim victimization anyway.

But that includes the family members of alleged victims in that total number that's been bandied about.

How many alleged victims are there?

Well, who knows?

Why is the government deceiving the public about it?

If people want to be mad about Cash.

I have a little bit of Pan Bonney for putting out that phony,

for putting out that phony propagandistic figure and then have it be repeated ad nauseum without the

slightest bit of critical discernment.

Well, I do.

Michael, I think we can at least agree that Cash Patel and Pam Bondi haven't handled this all that

responsibly. How about on that particular issue? Oh, well, I mean, you're asking me to correct the

record of something I've never even uttered. I've never said the word. No, I'm just wondering if you

know. That's literally not something that I've ever claimed. I mean, I do think, Michael, that what

you like to do is to go after. And really, I think fundamentally, I don't even sure if you would

reject this, you reject the idea of victimization, that post-victimization can even happen.

And I also, I don't even necessarily want to get to-

the idea of victimization. I don't even know what that means.

Well, you reject the idea that an adult woman could be victimized, let's say, by Jeffrey

Epstein, manipulated. Yes, even if some cases, money works changing hands. I will say, by the way,

that just paying or flying in adult women from Eastern Europe for the express purposes of having

sex is a crime, by the way. Sure, it's not underage. However, we do have the 2007 draft

indictment where there were a number of underage victims that were mentioned there, where Epstein

specifically asked a 15-year-old if he knows anybody who's younger that he could be able to

recruit it.

So I do think your core contention that at the end of the day, he wasn't a, quote, pedophile is definitely illegitimate.

But I also don't necessarily want to get dragged into the victim stuff, which I think that you are fundamentally focused on.

Because I do think when you're saying, why are people talking about this?

It confirms a general suspicion of the way that people act with impunity at the highest levels of American or global society in terms of their moral character, in terms of their dealings, let's say, financially.

And, you know, you like to brush across this intelligence question.

I actually, I would love for you to be able to just grapple with some of the facts, you know, necessarily just related today where the Israeli government was installing surveillance equipment and Epstein-owned department just by use for the former prime minister of Israel, Ayud Barak, where we have Ayud Barak and Epstein joking questioningly about Mossad, where Epstein is foyering, 1999, the CIA for any mention of himself for the very dealings that he himself had with the arms.

dealing industry in the 1980s for the fact that he had a false Austrian passport at the age of

29 years old, Austria being the capital of spies long before he ever became, you know, very

filthy rich. And so, Michael, I think what you're obfuscating is a general interest in the story.

And often that what you try to do is find the lowest IQ, most maximalist people talking about

cannibals or anything like that. And then paint that as a bigger question.

No, but it is. Michael, even in your...

I barely mention the cannibalism.

stuff. I mean, of course. Yes, you're kind of hysterical lunacy. Yeah, you paint the rest of us who believe,

let's say, in some of a bigger part of this story as credit. If you believe that we can just

accept at face value that a 21-year-old model who accepted an invitation to visit Jeffrey's Island

when she was in the British Virgin Islands. Potentially under false pretenses. Oh, let me finish.

Let me finish. Potentially under false pretenses by Jean-Loup Brunel, who, by the way,

investigated. And you don't bother looking into it. This is nonsense. I mean, I'm talking.

Tell me if you've looked into what I'm about to describe it. Can I have 30 seconds to describe it?

All right. Go ahead.

Lisa Phillips, who was one of the women, quote, survivors who spoke at these press conferences in front of the U.S. Capitol and infamously declared that she and her fellow survivors were going to create their own list of Epstein clients and then handed over to Marjorie, Taylor Green, and Thomas Massey so they could read it out on the floor of the House of Representatives under the protections of the speech and debate clause and caused a giant media firestorm, as I don't have to remind you.

Her whole tale of victimization is that at age 21, as a professional model, she was on a photo shoot in the British version islands, another girl or young woman that she was with invited her to take a ferry to Jeffrey Epstein's island in the U.S. Virgin Islands.

She accepted. She never claimed victimization for like 17 or 20 years. She's on a podcast in 2020 saying, gee whiz, I never heard anything about all this crazy Epstein stuff, but I knew him and I don't know what went to happen there.

then all of a sudden, J.P. Morgan opens its floodgates for settlements of, you know, $290 million.

You know, I know, like, we're not supposed to acknowledge human nature about what that can incentivize on this particular subject.

I mean, explain that to me. And she now claims that we're supposed to just take her to be a survivor.

She was the one, one of the women who also stood up and protested Pam Bondi last week. So, yeah, Sagar, if you do take it face value that that person can be rightly designated as a victim and fuel,

foment this giant worldwide pedophilia crisis that we're supposedly in the midst of,

then I don't know. I mean, I consider you to have a pretty high IQ, and that's just not some,

like, Randall on social media talking about cannibals. Right. So you tell me, if you agree that that's a

legitimate case of victimization, and it should be rightly engendering this worldwide pedophilic

mass pedic. Look, I'm not here to defend every so-called Epstein victim, because by the way,

I think that what you do very expertly is finding people like Lisa Phillips and then part trying to

portray all of them of that sort.

Like, would you deny that vast wire transfers were sent to Eastern Europe to fly in women

for the express purposes of sex?

Because that actually is...

Adult women.

Okay.

Is that not a crime, Michael?

Have you Googled the Man Act?

I mean, for somebody who has actually looked into prostitution?

I mean, this is what I'm talking about, is that, by the way, also, you have not yet grappled

with the 2007 draft indictment there against F.

I'm happy to get into it.

Okay.

I mean, look, I have unfortunately very limited about time.

I have four requests outstanding for that.

So, I published.

Hold on, guys.

So Sager told us up front that he only had half an hour.

So we don't have that much time.

Listen, Sager, let me ask you a couple of other questions.

And then once Sager leaves, Michael, we can get you to say what you want to say.

I want to go to the Les Wexner deposition the other day.

What did we learn from that, specifically about how Epstein got his start?

I do think that there are these questions about, again, who this guy was.

How did he accumulate hundreds of millions of dollars?

early in his career, how did he seem to obtain all these different connections, specifically to

the intelligence world? Did any of that get resolved? And what's your take on that?

No, David, it wasn't resolved. Unfortunately, the entire transcript is not public.

What we do know from the House Oversight Committee, at least what's been released now so far,

is Leslie Wexner said he was never questioned ever once by the FBI or the Department of Justice

involving this case. I will say, if you look at the track record of Lesothel

Wesley Wexner, it's incredibly bizarre. He claims that Epstein was a con man who stole his money for

decades. In 1991, we had the power of attorney that was signed over to him. He claims that Epstein

was a financial genius and a wizard. We have the transferring of the townhome, which eventually

there was some payment that was reconciled on the back end. But an incredible amount of

control that Jeffrey Epstein had over Leslie Wexner's finances, over the Wexner Foundation, which

he used to funnel money to Aoud Barak, the former Prime Minister of Israel, support. Many Zionist

causes under the Wexner Foundation, including the Wexner Fellowship currently at Harvard University.

I do think it's important for us to explore some more of that. There's some very odd dealings

with the beginnings of their relationship. Previous Epstein associates have testified that in 1992,

which is shortly after power of attorney and all of that, was acquired. Or the relationship,

sorry, between Epstein and Wexner began, is that much of Epstein's lifestyle exploded.

Wexner does not even dispute that Epstein had vast control over his finances and even

claims that he was stolen from by Jeffrey Epstein, that their relationship is supposed to have

ended sometime, I think, in 2007. But he has not yet answered questions about this relationship

in an open public forum beyond some statements. And he currently did issue an opening statement

for the record. I personally would like to see the release of that transcript. I mean,

all for transparency here in this particular case. He's an 88-year-old man. And I do think it's

genuinely bizarre. Oh, and not to even mention, the modeling industry, which, you know,

which Wexner himself was involved in, and there's several emails, including Wexner's own

crude drawing in the Epstein birthday book involving boobs that he said that's all Epstein ever

wanted. So their relationship is bizarre. It goes back decades. Wexner maintains, as I said,

that he was conned and that he was stolen from. I don't really believe much of that story.

Michael, you and I have now read thousands of Epstein emails. There's no sophisticated financial

instruments going on, even back to the very beginnings of Jeffrey Epstein's claims here about managing

money. Almost none of it passes the smel to. David, you're a very high net worth individual. You can go

to Goldben Sachs or many other financial houses and get teams of people to manage money for sophisticated

financial instruments and others not available to the rest of us. It'd be very odd for you to turn over

your finances to Jeffrey Epstein. Yeah. So he began his career, I guess, at Bear Stearns. I guess,

There's a brief stint where he worked.

I guess he, one of the curious things about him is he dropped out of college around age 20.

I guess he was studying math.

He then was a teacher at the Dalton School for like a year.

Correct.

And then he worked at Bear Stearns for four years.

He met Ace Greenberg through the Dalton School.

Greenberg's, I think it was, one of his children was there.

And then he went to Bear Stearns.

He's fired from Bear Stearns after a couple of years.

And that's when his descent into what I call like the darkness, his expertise in money laundering,

I believe that that's when it was honed, as reflects in the record and the testimony of the people who dealt with him there at the time, including the false passport, Iran-Contor, arms smuggling, and all of that that I've laid out.

So can I ask you a quick question? I know you have to go soon. I'm honestly curious if you would agree with this statement from Thomas Massey. This is from February 16th. He says, quote, we're exposing the extent of Epstein's global pedophile ring and how it touches our government in aristocracy. So do you think it's a factually valid statement that what we know to have taken place and maybe even is still ongoing is a, quote, global pedophile ring?

Well, I mean, what you're asking about a global pedophile ring is there.

Well, sorry?

This is Thomas Massey saying.

Yeah, Thomas Massey, a global pedophile ring is a ring of global elites who seemed aware

and perhaps participated in the abuse of underage children.

Now, Michael, I will grant you this.

And what I respect you the most.

So you do the most.

actually think you have a great role in this ecosystem for debunking, especially some of the lowest

IQ content, which is out there like you did with the torture video. So I do want to appreciate

you for doing that. That was low-hanging fruit. I mean, I don't really appreciate this idea that I only

focus on low- IQ social media bladder. Okay, Michael. I've delved it very deeply into the legal

minutiae of all this saga. Yes, I know you have. And I'm just casually called a pedophile

virtually everywhere in the media

among every politician

nonstop.

And if you go and actually

look at what he was convicted of in Florida,

is actually he was in a bea file

because he would like

post-pubescent 15-year-old girls.

Don't you find it bizarre

that for all the enormous media resources

that have been poured into this story

over the past however many years

by newspapers, magazines,

podcasts, Netflix specials,

you name it.

I guess I'm the only one

who ever thought to actually go

into the Florida court docket

and pull up the transcript of the plea here

in June of 2008 when he entered his two guilty pleas,

or his guilty plea in Florida for two state-level prostitution charges.

And he's called a convicted pedophile ad nauseum.

It turns out the sole minor victim who was cited in that plea hearing as the sole

minor to whom he procured for prostitution was literally 17 years old.

Yes, Michael, I understand that because they picked the oldest person in the indictment to plead

guilty to and there's a 14-15-year-old which is named in the 2007 draft indictment which was released.

Michael, you're focusing, I am focusing on a federal document. There's a federal document which

specifically alleges a 14- and 15-year-old who are abused, including asking a 15-year-old.

If there is, the 2007 draft. You have read it. I know that you have. A draft indictment

you're going to take his dispositive? Well, I'm not going to, okay, unfortunately, it was never

contested because of the plea agreement, which eventually came forward. I mean, I think you're

using the same tactic Alan Dershowitz did.

his defense. Unfortunately, I have nothing to do with Dershowitz or I don't share his tactical

maneu. I unfortunately have to take my child to a doctor's appointment. That's more important.

As I flagged to all of do, and in the beginning of this entire thing. And I do want to say-

I take you to be operating in good faith as well, Sager, for the most part, unlike a lot of people

who have glommed on to this story and you're willing to, you know, engage on the substance.

So that, again, is appreciated by me. And you know, whenever you'd like to engage further,

I'm always available. All right, Michael. Thank you, David, for the invitation.

Yes. Thank you for coming. Saga. Appreciate it. All right. So Michael, let me kind of reset here.

Okay. I'm not sure you've had a chance to kind of lay out your case for what you called Epstein mythology.

Yeah. So I want to give you a chance to kind of just lay out your thesis here that what's happening is actually a type of moral panic or feeding frenzy, a type of hysteria. You've compared to the Salem witch trials.

Yeah. There was also the case in the 1980s of the whole.

daycare child abuse. Satanic panic.

That's the satanic panic. Where I think hundreds of people went to jail or were

prosecuted for that. I don't know if it was hundreds, but more than enough to make it a

extreme messcarriage of justice. So that's the comparison you've made. So I guess I want to

let you lay out that case in a clear way because I'm not sure that you've had a chance to

quite do that yet. I mean, I've definitely laid out my case on this score in many other

venues and on many other occasions, but I guess not on this particular podcast yet, so I'm happy

to sketch it out. In terms of the satanic panic parallel, that's not one that I would have

necessarily been most inclined to bring up until recently, just because there's now this new layer

of the mythology that's been added with the production of these Epstein quote files where people

are reading snippets of emails to signify some kind of coded messaging around cannibalism or

around grotesque child sacrifice.

That really wasn't a hallmark of the Epstein story so much before this enormous

tranche of emails were released.

And it relates to the satanic panic frenzy insofar as claims around such things as

like truly grotesque child sacrifice, mutilation of infants, you know, bathing toddlers

and blood, like all the most nightmarish.

scenarios you could possibly dream up were alleged in the 1980s and taken deadly seriously by

the authorities resulting in, as you alluded to, a good number of people actually being thrown

in prison for many years. And it was found to be just a gigantic hoax. But maybe a more apt parallel

that also would have been apt even before this latest record production is that the satanic panic

frenzy of the 1980s was ultimately concluded to have her originated really with one woman who

was just straightforwardly mentally ill, delusional, needed to essentially be institutionalized,

and yet she would make claims about child sex abuse that the authorities countenanced or gave

credence to. And there's a similar thing going on with the Epstein mythology. Now, when I

mention the Epstein mythology, I'm not talking about the 2007-2008 Florida non-prosecution

agreement or that whole scenario that Sagar brought up in piecemeal before. That's a different

element of this whole story. The mythology developed later, mostly around 2014 with the

introduction of these new claims by Virginia Roberts Goufrey and her lawyers, Bradley Edwards,

Paul Kassell, later David Boyes, in which she alleged that she had been child sex trafficked

around the world and that she knew that Epstein enforced this child sex trafficking operation

via blackmail.

And also she made specific allegations against three particular individuals, Alan Dershowitz,

Prince Andrew, John Luke Brunel.

And then also she accused a generic category of other high-profile persons who she

didn't specify as also victimizing her like prime ministers.

and politicians and presidents and so forth.

So that's basically the origin of what I would call the mythology,

which is just sort of of a different order or magnitude

than the initial Palm Beach prosecution,

which was effectively a local crime.

But in terms of the parallel to the satanic panic,

Virginia Roberts Kouffre was a profoundly disturbed,

mentally unwell person who was valid.

and legitimized and now continues to be celebrated as some kind of martyr for truth,

even though if anybody had used a lick of discernment as to her claims, it would have been

found that she could not be treated so credulously. Maybe she needed some help, but this idea

that she would be the basis for this global scandal that's rocking all these countries,

it's just outrageous. And there are two others who are fundamentally, two other mentally ill

women. And I don't say that even to be pejorative or derogatory at all. It's

just objectively true if you take a look. Maria Farmer is one of these other definitely mentally

ill persons who, for example, introduced or was integral introducing this idea that Epstein had

camera set up in all his bedrooms and bathrooms and was surreptitiously recording prominent people

so he could use it for blackmail. And then another one, Sarah Ransom, was one of the people

who spurred the mythology in large part around the island. So she came to claim after going

through several mental health crises that she had been systematically raped at the island,

even though when she actually had to eventually give that position, she really described nothing

of the sort.

She was also an adult when she went to the island voluntarily, and she described what was

effectively a consensual, you know, minor sexual encounter with Epstein, but she dramatized

it radically in the wake.

And people don't know.

I mean, David, did you, did you know this?

Or does anybody know that there, in the public know, that despite.

everybody and their mother, including like Rokane and Thomas Massey at all, declaring that the

Epstein property in the U.S. Virgin Islands, the private island, that it's rape island or

pedophile island, that there's never been a credible allegation of rape ever, discovered that

took place on that island? Like, is that well known or am I crazy? No, it's not well known.

The only reason I knew is because I've heard you on a couple of podcasts, so I thought it was

important to get you on as a counterpoint.

So just with respect to these three women, they did go to the island.

Is that true?

Sarah Ransom did.

Okay.

Maria Farmer, no.

Maria Farmer is the one who purported that she was actually the original Epstein accuser,

and she was this great hero whistleblower because she tried to sound the alarm way before all

these other females were abused.

She claims that in 1996, after she had been a 25-year-old, employees,

of Epstein's, who basically sat at his front desk in his New York townhouse, that she was

invited and accepted to go to the Ohio compound of Lexley Wexner to be an artist and residence

of sorts because she was a painter. And then she claimed that over the course of her interactions

with Epstein and Maxwell, she ended up filing a first attempted police report and then went to the

FBI. And she never really specified what it is that she claimed that she reported to the

FBI with any clarity. But she told this tale about how Epstein had supposedly stolen these

photographs that she had produced of her younger sisters who were below the age of 18 so that

she could use those photographs to paint paintings of her younger sisters in the nude.

Now, I don't know. I mean, I guess that's a confession to production of child pornography,

but technically speaking, but that's what she claimed. And then she also added that she had been

sexually assaulted or abused or raped by both Epstein and Maxwell. And somehow over the course of

that assault at 826, she had like a divine revelation literally and realized that they were both

pedophiles. This is how she recounted it years after the fact. And if you look at the police,

that FBI intake report or the complaint that was memorialized that has come out in terms of

the, what was contemporaneously documented, she mentioned nothing about a sexual assault. She mentions

nothing about any kind of sex crime at all. She simply claims that these photos of hers were

stolen and there's never been any evidence that those photos were actually stolen.

So that's one person and she's come, these, and these three women, Ransom, Farmer, Roberts

Goufrey were all integral in different dimensions of the mythology. They were incredibly

important, named plaintiffs in critical litigation. You know, criminal investigations were

launched based on the basis of their claims in various respects. And they're all just profoundly,

mentally ill, erratic, and wholly unreliable to the degree that if we're going to have

an international pedophilic mass hysteria narrative that's at all predicated on their claims,

then we've entered into a fantasy land because it will never in the future hold up to any

kind of rational reevaluation or scrutiny at all.

Okay, so Robert Scuffray or VRG, as I think you've called her in your substack.

Yeah.

When did she come forward with her story?

Because she was the basis of that Netflix movie or documentary called Filthy Rich about Epstein.

You were saying that that happened after the whole 2008, Palm Beach.

Yeah, I'll explain.

By the way, Filthy Rich, which over this past summer, when the Epstein Fure kind of got reignited,

it like skyrocketed to like the top of the charts on Netflix once again.

So that little piece of commercial propaganda has been very determinative in terms of how people have had their perception shaped of this issue.

And it is like literal propaganda, I would argue, in the sense that it was concocted as a PR vehicle for the quote unquote victims and especially their lawyers to create like a public clamor for some kind of remedial action to be taken against,

Epstein's co-conspirators or more more relevantly his estate.

It was a maneuver.

It was a PR maneuver by a legal team who worked alongside the producers of that documentary.

As it has been so much of the mass market entertainment products that have been produced around the Epstein affair.

It's only taken from that one perspective of the purportive victims.

And that perspective is shaped very carefully by their lawyers to,

create this sanitized survivor narrative that is now the predominant one. But in terms of her

origins, yes, she initially filed some civil litigation around, I want to say, 09, 2010,

maybe 08 as a Jane Doe, maybe 2011, somewhere in that range, first as a Jane Doe, meaning

she wasn't named in the litigation. And this related to a period of around

2001, 2002, when she was in the Epstein orbit to some extent. And there's, there's evidence that she

was in the Epstein orbit to some extent. She's not hallucinating everything. I've argued that I would,

she's not so much a liar, I wouldn't say. Like, I've never directly accused her of lying about

anything as such. I've called, I've said that she's kind of confabulated an alternate reality.

And that's a little bit different because it doesn't necessarily connote willful deceits.

And it's almost even more disturbing if you think about it.

What's your basis for that? The big one, I guess, is that in your view, that she recanted her story about Dershowitz?

Yeah, she recanted her story not just about Dershowitz. That's maybe the most well-known instance of her recanting, one of her marquee claims.

And it really only came about because Dershowitz was unusually motivated to actually pursue some sort of resolution through a very protracted litigation process against very high-powered lawyers.

I mean, one of the fallacies here is that these survivors, quote unquote, such as Virginia are taken to be these beleaguered victims, et cetera, who had no power at all in this dynamic.

And yet, I mean, they were represented by some of the most powerful and skillful lawyers in the country, such as David Boyce, who's like one of the best known lawyers of all time and was hugely well-resourced.

And also, you know, Virginia Goufrey became incredibly wealthy.

Maybe not as wealthy as you, David, but, you know, 20 estimates range.

from like $15, $20, $25 million.

It's hard to know because a lot of the settlement details are secret.

So it wasn't just this hapless victim who had nothing,

no like to stand on in order to make her claims.

But, yeah, Dershowitz, she ended up her canting her allegations.

And bear in mind, it wasn't just that she happened to level some accusation at some point,

maybe in like casual banter.

It's that she made allegations of herself having been victimized by Dershowitz.

sexually on at least six or seven occasions. And she described each individual instance of that

victimization in vivid, graphic, almost grotesque detail describing Dershowitz's body parts,

sexual proclivities, et cetera. And she did this in sworn affidavits and under deposition. So

could theoretically even be subject to perjury charges should a prosecutor ever have been

inclined to bring them, which of course they wouldn't have been in this environment. But it goes

much further. She had to recant claims against a harbor professor, Stephen Costlin, who she claimed

she had intercourse with. She recanted even claims against John Luke Brunel, who's another sort of

actor or a player in this whole story that leads people to make their postulations about there being

this supposedly international sex trafficking ring because he was like a modeling mogul.

But he ends up getting arrested by French authorities under pressure from the U.S. in 2019 after

Epstein himself was federally indicted and arrested.

And given the vagaries of the French legal system, which I don't fully comprehend still in

relation to the United States, he was in custody or incarcerated for quite a long time

prior to any formal charges being brought.

Eventually, she's called to provide evidence against Virginia, it's called from Australia

to go to Paris to provide evidence against John Luke Brunel in 2021 in this format that

is nothing that takes place in the U.S., but it's like where both the defense and the

prosecution have an ability to question or have colloquies with the accuser.

And she ends up having to retract her claims against him as well.

And, you know, her lawyers had to admit that this memoir that she produced or memoir manuscript

that she produced in 2011 and 2012 that she was sort of scheming with this ghost writer

who was potentially going to work with her, Sharon Churcher, a journalist at the Daily Mail.

She was scheming about how they could get the biggest possible book deal or even like a movie

deal or some kind of entertainment package deal.

and she already had been paid 160,000 plus by the Daily Mail plus serialization revenue

for having done an interview with them and given over the Prince Andrew photo.

And then they wanted to marshal or leverage that momentum publicity-wise from the Daily Mail's

articles in 2011 and do a book.

And so Sharon Churcher in this email exchange, you can go read it.

It came out in litigation says, hey, yeah, you know what?

Just like throw anybody's name and you can think of who might have had the most fleeting association

with Jeffrey Epstein.

And that'll get us the biggest possible book deal.

That'll entice the most publishers and agents.

And as to Dershowitz, yeah, I mean, he's pretty well known.

And we all think he's a pedo.

So throw him in there too.

I mean, that's what they're saying.

And, whoa, wait.

This is your interpretation of what happened.

Almost literally what they say.

I'm almost quoting for, I'm not exactly quoting from.

Who said that?

Who said that?

This is what Churcher says to Virginia Roberts Goufrey,

and she's all on board with it.

How do we know that?

Because we have the transcripts of the emails.

Wow.

Okay.

They came out of the course of discovery in litigation.

And this person was...

She was a cap-doy trash journalist, yeah, who was working...

She was a journalist who co-authored the book with her, or what was...

They were in talks for her to potentially be the co-author of the book.

So they were sort of strategizing as to how they could get a book deal or get a literary agent

to sign on with Virginia and get her a lucrative book deal.

And then what ended up happening?

A draft manuscript was produced.

I don't know exactly how involved Churcher was.

Was there a book published?

Not initially.

Finally, a version did eventually come out last October after Virginia Roberts

could phrase purported death in April of last year.

And I only say purported because the circumstances of it are still bizarre.

Look, I mean, I'm willing to grant that she is, in fact,

at this point. But, I mean, that's another

sort of tangent. But no, it didn't come out

for a long time. A draft was produced.

And then the draft manuscript had to be

had to be revealed or

handed over the course of litigation

with Dershowitz.

And her lawyers

by 2017 to 2019

had to admit on her behalf.

So David Boyes at all that

this fiction, that this memoir

manuscript, which had been presented as nonfiction,

which was shopped around to potential book publishers as nonfiction,

which have been the basis for a lot of media coverage around these allegations,

as though it were a non-fictional representation of her purported experiences.

They finally have to admit that it was a fictionalized account of her reported experiences.

So, like, for example.

This is VRG's own lawyers, like David Boyes.

Right.

Yep.

So they basically said that this manuscript, which had been the basis for her story.

A lot of the mythology.

Like Bill Clinton was on the island, she claimed no evidence that Bill Clinton was ever on the

island. He did fly around on Epstein's private jet in 2002 and 2003, but no evidence he ever went

to the island. So Bill Clinton was never on the island. She claimed that she saw him on the

island, which is false as far as we know as far as far as all the available evidence has ever suggested.

That probably is one of the most repeated claims in respect to Epstein, which is that Bill Clinton

was on the island. And you're saying that's just completely untrue. And that came from

VRG's manuscript, which ultimately they had to admit was work of fiction, nonfiction.

At least her own lawyers did.

Correct. But what's so mind-boggling is that just relatively recently, after this whole

blowup around Epstein got ignited last July, the book publishers obviously realized that

it was a highly profitable opportunity for them to produce some version of her manuscript

in the form of a new memoir.

Now, she had been working on a new version of it

with another ghostwriter for some time, Amy Wallace,

but they obviously wanted to peg the publication of it

to this renewed Epstein uproar.

So the memoir finally gets published in some capacity

in October of last year.

It becomes an international bestseller,

not just in the United States,

but in Britain, Australia, et cetera.

And I'm still stunned.

I mean, maybe I can't, I don't,

I can no longer really.

be stunned anymore. But it's still stunning to think back on how credulously the reception to that

memoir was, even though, I mean, it was basically just Amy Wallace, this ghostwriter, repackaging

and massaging. Oh, I always catch myself when I use the verb massage now. I shouldn't use that.

Repackaging the initial memoir manuscript and basically updating it for 2025.

And nowhere do they, nowhere do they, do they dis, do they, do they, do they,

disclose that it's based on a fictionalized manuscript. So it's just a fraud that was perpetrated.

Wait, so they also really did publish a version of the manuscript? Yes, last year. And did that book

include the accusations against Dershowitz and Bill Clinton? Or had that been removed by that point?

To clarify, those allegations of sexual improprieties against Dershowitz were not in the 2011

manuscript. Those were concocted later as a basis for Virginia Roberts of Gouffray to join this ongoing

litigation that her lawyer, Bradley Edwards, had initiated around something called the

Crime Victims Rights Act and how the non-prosecution agreement from 2007-2008 had supposedly

violated the Non-the- Crime Victims Rights Act. It's a complicated issue. But that was debuted.

Those claims against Dershowitz were debuted in December of 2014. But there were a bunch of other

claims already in the manuscript from 2011. And there's a reference to Dershowitz, but it's just not

an accusation of sexual...

misconduct. Okay, the three women that you mentioned, Goufrey, Ransom Farmer, did they have the same lawyers or different lawyers, were lawyers working together?

Pretty much the same lawyers. I mean, it's basically the same cabal of lawyers. It's David's voice.

And then Bradley Edwards firm, Bradley Edwards was the initial lawyer that oversaw primarily the Florida.

the purported victims from the Palm Beach phase from like 2002 to 2005.

He started representing them around 2008.

And then boys came a little bit later around the more kind of grandiose litigation.

But they've worked in conjunction with one another and still are.

They're still suing in a class action lawsuit that they initiated last October Bank of America

to extract a couple of hundred more million dollars, just like they did from JP Morgan and Deutsche Bank.

and the Epstein estate and plenty of individualized lawsuits that they've alluded to,

but never clarified the parameters of like they brag, Bradley Edwards does,

that they got like 25 settlements that are still secret, he says,

from specific individuals whom he acknowledges may not have committed any wrongdoing at all,

but just simply don't want to suffer the PR backlash that we're seeing now on steroids.

So it's a hugely lucrative industry.

And I don't know.

You tell me, David, is this like dimensional,

of this whole story ever mentioned anywhere in any of the popular media coverage, whether it's

on podcasts or on CNN or anywhere. No. Okay. And even the Deutsche Bank settlement, I don't think

I'd have heard of that. What was that? So when Epstein dies, August 10th, 2019, right?

The a feeding frenzy breaks out in terms of litigation that is brought against his estate.

because at that point, Epstein is obviously no longer available to contest any claims that are made against him.

And libel laws cease to apply.

People are aware, obviously, that he was very wealthy.

He wasn't like a multi-multi billionaire, as a lot of people suspected at the time.

But according to his disclosure of assets when he was arrested, his net worth was like $650 million.

So still a pretty big estate.

And so because of this flood of lawsuits against the estate,

state, the executors of the estate, Darren Indyke and Richard Kahn, decide to agree to

coordinate with the victim's lawyers, Bradley Edwards, David Boyes, et al, to set up a, basically

a mediation program that they call the Epstein Victims Compensation Fund, which is a holistic

settlement process that victims or alleged victims could submit claims to, and then there

would be a mediator brought in to evaluate the claims and decide what amount of money to give out.

So there wouldn't have to just be like a flood of individual lawsuits.

They could kind of consolidate it.

And so they set up a settlement model basically for the Epstein estate, which was expressly

non-adversarial, meaning there would be no adversarial scrutinization of the claims that

were made to justify somebody's entitlement to millions of dollars.

people as a claimants were entitled to as much as five million dollars from just this one settlement

fund and it was tax free by the way this is with this is with dutch bank no no this is the

upsyne estate i'm getting to dutch bank because like it ties into the obscene state from the obscene state

this obscene state was first in the chronology of settlements and so they set up a settlement model right

so non-everasarial confidential tax free because they claim that it applies under that it could be

categorized under the iRS code as like compensation for a individual

injury, so therefore you don't have to pay income taxes on it.

And so that gets set up, right?

And then...

And who adjudicates that?

The court in the U.S. Virgin Islands, because the state was domiciled in the U.S.

Virgin Islands, appointed on the recommendation of both parties, an independent mediator

or administrator, Simone Lelchuk, her name is, who specialized, she claimed, anyway, in

this sort of thing and like she had an extra sensitivity towards sexual assault victim she claimed.

I mean, it's kind of a phony.

We don't want to get, you know, sucked into that necessarily tangent.

But yeah, so there's an independent administrator and that was modeled, they said, on previous consolidated settlement mechanisms, such as like the Jerry Sandusky.

I don't know if you recall the Jerry Sandusky scandal at Penn State where claims were made that this football coach had abused a bunch of boys.

And so a consolidated settlement program was set up to pay out settlements to claimants.

Okay, got it.

So that's the EPSCIA estate.

So let's get to the Deutsche Bank.

So then they take that model that had been set up for the Epsina estate and then they

start going after major multinational banking institutions that David Boys and Bradley Ebbwers

decide to very creatively and cleverly, I have to say, allege were complicit in Jeffrey

Epstein's like world-spaning child sex trafficking operation and therefore reliable

What is the nexus between Deutsche Bank or Bank of America and Epstein?

Were those the banks that he used?

Epstein banked at those institutions.

So first, J.P. Morgan, from like the late 90s to 2013, roughly, and then Deutsche Bank from

2013 to 2019.

And the argument is that they should have somehow stopped his activities.

Yeah, that they were negative.

Or fail to do a K.C or something like that.

Yeah.

I mean, they first started making a much more accusatory argument about their direct

complicity in facilitating a sex trafficking operation.

But what the judge ultimately agreed to was to that they were effectively, or they were

reasonably guilty or reasonably to be found liable for essentially negligence because

Epstein would withdraw cash.

And that's supposed to trigger certain monitoring provisions that it was claimed J.P.

Morgan and Deutsbank did not satisfactorily do.

I mean, it was kind of like a stretch of an argument, frankly.

I get it.

Because of like the popular climate around, oh, somebody, the people, anybody who was involved in this in any way has to pay for all this pedophilic sex trafficking, there wasn't a whole lot really that the lawyers for those banking institutions could do to take the heat off.

So they settle, right?

So they settle.

So they settle, right?

So they settle.

And that, yeah.

How big are those settlement funds, those two?

So J.P. Morgan was ended up totaling around $290 million.

And the lawyers end up convincing the judge who presided over this agreement.

in New York, the federal judge,

Rakeoff, to grant them 30%

in legal fees or attorney's fees

that they claimed.

And Deusch Bank was around

$90 million or $80 million,

maybe.

Okay.

So just to have those up now.

So the Epstein estate was around

if I'm remembering $121 million,

and that's gone up, actually,

since even more litigation's been filed,

separated apart from the class action settlement.

JP working $290,

Deutsche Bank around 80 or 90.

So we're already.

at like a half a billion dollar industry. And there's plenty of other lawsuits and settlements that

have been spawned from this thing. And so I just have never understood or I do understand it.

So I should correct myself. I've always found it perversely amazing that this whole aspect of this

story is never mentioned because it's led to such things as this gross inflation of the total number

of victims where you have adults. You're saying that there's financial incentives. You're saying there's

financial incentives here. And just the lawyers are,

These are contingency fee plaintiff's lawyers?

They get like 30% or what's their...

I mean, these guys are not paid by the hour, right?

They're...

No.

Well, no.

Well, could that...

I don't think it's...

No, not a contingency fee set up for this.

They got the judge to approve a 30% earmark of the resulting settlement funds to be given over for

attorney's fees.

So it wasn't a contingent based on the client.

It was that the judge approved 30% of the...

the overall settlement. Got it. So the lawyers who sort of organized these settlement pools

negotiated essentially their cut up front with the judge, right. With the judge, and you're saying that

was about 30 percent of all these very close. Exactly 30 percent. Okay. Okay, got it. But if you have a,

if you have a set of criteria that are so lax, I mean, JP Morgan had even more lax criteria

than the Epstein state, which basically allowed anybody who ever like came within two football

fields of Jeffrey Epstein to file a claim against them and get a few million dollars, tax free.

but the JP Morgan settlement was even more lax.

So there are people who are eventually rejected.

The few who are rejected from the Epstein Estate Fund

ended up getting a settlement from, some of them anyway,

the JP Morgan or Deutsche Bank Fund.

So this woman Lisa Phillips, who was like an adult model,

never made any claim about anything to do with Jeffrey Epstein

that was wrongful for like 20 years,

said on a podcast publicly that she had no idea what these girls

were talking about when they make these.

allegations against Jeffrey Epstein as of 2020.

She said this. By 2023, she's getting, you know, she never, I asked her, she didn't

disclose to me her full amount, but, you know, probably around two million at least.

And then they get free health care from yet another settlement between the U.S. Virgin Islands,

the government of the U.S. Virgin Islands and the, and J.P. Morgan, that they set aside for

just free health care for until 2028 for any alleged Epstein victim.

And it's just like, don't people recognize how that can be incentivized this inflation of the number of total victims were told must exist and thus gives rise to this mass hysteria and moral panic about like thousands of victims.

I mean, at this PAM Bondi hearing, it was so contentious last week in the House Judiciary Committee.

You had people screaming thousands of victims need, you know, demand justice.

and it's just like a concoction that is not grounded in any approximation of like empirical fact.

So I always say if people want to be mad at Pam Bondi and Cash Patel for something,

be mad at them for signing off on that ridiculous memo from last July where they include that figure of over a thousand victims that has given fuel to the most maximalist conceptions of Epstein mythology in terms of the victims that were left in their wake.

I mean, soccer always wants to, and I shouldn't maybe say too much,

I'm not, and I'm not trying to impute him at all.

But I do get a lot of people on the internet doing a variation with Sogaret and saying,

hey, let's just talk about the intel ties.

Forget all this, you know, gossip stuff around.

Well, they are interesting.

I mean, the intel ties are interesting, right?

Sure.

You know, the whole story is interesting.

It's interesting that Epstein apparently met Michael Jackson in his Palm Beach House and photos

of it came out.

It's interesting that he consorted with everyone from Donald Trump to Bill Clinton.

I agree.

It's interesting.

Right.

Let me bring up one sort of criticism of you and then I want to give

Kevin, a chance to get in here. So, look, I think it's very important that we hold this process to

evidentiary standards, like you're saying. I think that people's motivations need to be examined,

especially like the lawyers who are bringing these cases who are, you know, reaping hundreds of millions

of dollars. So I think you are, and I think even Sagar admitted this, I think are playing an extremely

important role in this process by bringing some rigor and accountability to a lot of these claims.

I think that's really important.

At the same time, you're not really offering an explanation of so many aspects that are so interesting about Epstein.

And I'm not saying it's necessarily your duty to do that.

But I'm wondering, you know, do you have a theory of how did he accumulate hundreds of millions of dollars?

How did he get so connected?

Some people like Mike Benz have said that it all goes back to Burr-Sterns where he says that one of his accounts was

BCCI, which was this notorious international bank that was involved, eventually was shut down

because it was involved in international money laundering and crimes, things like that.

So I think this is Mike Benz's theory.

In any event, do you have a theory that would provide a satisfactory explanation for so many

of the threads that we see?

Or do you just feel like it's not really your job to do that?

And your job is really more just to poke holes in, you know,

what are some of the more outlandish claims of politicians or lawyers?

Well, I'm happy to address any little data point that people want to throw out at me.

I mean, I do that all day every day, pretty much.

So it's not like I'm trying to avoid anything or be at all evasive, right?

So people ask me all the time, okay, how did he make his money?

What about Leslie Wexter, et cetera, et cetera?

So it's not like I'm unaccustomed to addressing any of this stuff.

It's just that I feel like there's a bit of a fallacy or a logical,

flaw in attempting to say that it's incumbent on me to proffer some kind of ultimate totalizing

theory. I have a theory I could sketch out that maybe explains some of what people would like

to know in such, you know, that people are so titillated by. But I think, again, one of the things,

one of the reasons why the coverage of the story has been so horribly bad is that

speculation has replaced fact.

And we just have this whole mythology or folklore that's developed and that people just kind of

ambiently absorb.

And then they end up just believing things that are totally false.

So for example, people just believe, and I'm sure that you've seen this, that Epstein must

have referred to his private plane as a Lolita Express.

Therefore, anybody who was ever on the plane must have known that this was like a child sex

trafficking plane because why else would it be named the Lolita Express after the famous book

about 12-year-old girl or whatever, who was a second.

object. It's just like false. I mean, there's never

any evidence for that. It was a nickname that was invented like a, it was a

cheeky nickname invented by this British tabloid. And so that's just one example of

all this flotsam that gets... Okay, but to go back, do you have a theory of how

specifically Epstein got started? Because somehow, I guess it was in the 80s,

he went from someone who was just a traitor at Bear Stearns to very

quickly amassing a fortune that, I don't know, seems like hundreds of millions of dollars.

I mean, like you said, he died with about $650 million.

I don't know how big the fortune was in the 1980s.

We know that Wexner sold him the townhouse.

I guess one of the details that came out the other day, as Wexner said, it was at what he

was told was fair market value.

And Epstein obtained his plane from Wexner.

So, I mean, is that the explanation that somehow he got his start because Wexner was

extraordinarily generous towards him.

I'm just curious.

Not quite.

So, I mean, there was a huge New York Times article that was one of the few helpful

contributions to the popular knowledge around Jeffrey Epstein recently in December, where

they go through, I mean, they basically set out to answer the question that everybody

always asks with like a wink and a nod as though they think that the asking of the question

is supposed to prove that the answer would be fundamentally sinister, meaning how did

Jeffrey Epstein make his money because the idea is that he must have made his money

by dint of his orchestration of this pedophilic sex trafficking ring that he enforced by

blackmail at the direction of the Mossad or something like that. And the New York Times goes

into fairly forensic detail about how he ended up accumulating money over the course of the

1980s. So people could go read that if they'd like. I mean, I do think that it's fair to say

and saying this does not mean that you have to have to condone everything that Jeffrey Epstein

never did over the course of his entire life. But I do think that he was definitely very high

intelligence. I do think that he was highly proficient in mathematics as a young man,

which is part of why he became a math teacher at the Dalton School, a pretty prestigious

private school in Manhattan, then ends up getting recruited to Bear Stearns, and it ends up

innovating some novel financial maneuvers that you're probably much more fluent in than me in terms

of describing, because I'm not a finance guy, but it was around a time where there was a demand

for Wall Street to innovate new tactics for very high net worth individuals to structure their

wealth, to lessen their tax burden, to do all kinds of other things.

And Epstein did so, and then he leaves Bear Stearns.

So he rose to the ranks of Bear Stearns pretty quickly.

So around age 24, 25, he was like a partner or he had some relatively high ranking position

relative to the rest of the workforce at Bear Stearns at a young age.

he starts up his own boutique financial advisory firm that's tailored specifically to very high

net worth individuals, such as ultimately Leslie Wexner, who is one of the wealthiest people in the

United States. Yes, they do have a, he was, that, Wexner was definitely Epstein's most important

client. There was the power of attorney that was handed over, which is seen unto itself

on the internet to be either inherently sinister or to show us that, of course, Epstein must

have been in some kind of like pedophilic collusion with Wexner. But, I mean, it's explicable

if you actually want to know what it was about,

at a certain point,

people just want to have to have the ability

to keep asking that question

with like a gleam in their eye

as though it's supposed to imply

that there is this pet,

like that the peto sex trafficking

is the ultimate answer to everything.

But, you know,

Galane Maxwell,

when she gave her proffer interview

last summer to the deputy attorney general,

Todd Blanche,

in the very first time,

amazingly enough,

that she was asked by any U.S. government official

to simply describe her experiences

with Jeffrey Epstein.

Imagine that.

despite having been integral, we've been told all these years in the running of the most prolific child sex trafficking operation, I guess in the world history.

Only in July 2025 did any government official ever just ask her to describe what her relationship with Jeffrey Epstein was all about.

And she said that she observed Epstein doing a lot of work that would seem very complicated and intense to her in terms of his financial business.

So, for example, Maxwell says, Epstein end up basically restructuring all of the finances for Wexel.

business holdings. And, you know, he owned the limited. He owned Victoria's Secret, other kinds of

women's clothing outfits and retailers. He had real estate developments. And Epstein was basically

the money guy for all of it. And for a man who in the early 90s was already worth like a

couple of billion, Wexner, that is, if Epstein is getting like a yearly cut of the revenues,

that could add up over time, right? Then they had a handful of other very high net worth

clients, like Elizabeth Johnson, who was an heiress to the Johnson and Johnson fortune,

Leon Black, the hedge fund manager.

So you don't need that many extremely high net worth clients, right, if you're their

go-to money manager to eventually build up a pretty nice size fortune, I would imagine.

So I'm not saying we have a full accounting of like every penny that he ever accumulated

over the course of his life, but we have quite a bit of information.

And it just occurs to me that some, the people who are most loudly asking,

ask, how did he get his money? Almost don't want to know or read into the information that is

currently available. All right. Well, I mean, it is kind of unusual that a money manager in that

position would obtain that much money so quickly. I'll just say, like from my experience with

the money management business, they're not generally able to charge that much. But let me put a

pin in that because I want to let Kevin Bass get in here. I've been following your feed quite a bit.

you are basically a startup entrepreneur who got interested in the Epstein files. I think you used

AI to analyze them. And in particular, you've been looking at Reed Hoffman's story about Epstein.

And you've put together an analysis. I think you've called it the Reed Hoffman files.

I've been following your tweets and it's quite interesting. Let's start with how you got into this,

what got you interested, and how you've been doing your research.

Yeah, so originally I just saw that there was kind of a conflict on social media about

Reid Hoffman.

I didn't know much about the Epstein files or about that particular conflict, but I was curious.

I built some really sophisticated AI tools, you know, mostly using like vectorized SQL databases

and some of the MCP stuff with the new agents.

And for some other purposes.

and so I wanted to port those over to see if I could resolve some of these questions.

Elon had some very strong opinions about Hoffman's involvement with Epstein,

and he's usually at least, if he's not always directly on the bullseye,

he's usually at least a few inches away.

So I wanted to go check those out.

And then, you know, they came out in, I guess, late January, January 30th,

the big ones that were the big drop that recently happened.

And so I just started going through the Reed Hoffman part in particular.

And I essentially started to try to organize, or I have organized most of my analyses around some core claims that Hoffman made about his involvement with Epstein.

I've just been asking the question, are these claims true?

Are they supported by the record or are they contradicted by the record?

And overwhelmingly, like absolutely overwhelmingly, they appear to be contradicted relentlessly by the drop that came out.

out in January 30th.

If you want, I can go through some of the big ones and then I can also talk about.

Yeah, maybe a place to start is with Reid Hoffman's statement in 2019 to Axios, this is when,

I guess, the Epstein scandal first, I think, became national news.

And people who are closely associated with him felt the need to characterize the relationship

with him, to distance themselves, to explain how they knew him or how close.

closely they knew him. And Reed's statement at that time was the following. Let me just read this out.

This is Reed Hoffman speaking. My few interactions with Jeffrey Epstein came at the request of Joey

Ito for the purposes of fundraising for the MIT Media Lab. Prior to these interactions, I was told

by Joey that Epstein had cleared the MIT vetting process, which was the basis for my participation.

My last interaction with Epstein was in 2015, still by agreeing to participate in any fundraising activity where Epstein was present, I helped to repair his reputation and perpetuate injustice for this. I am deeply regretful.

Oh, give me a break.

Is that statement accurate?

Not at all. And in fact, it's not just from 2019. He even reiterated this on February 4th this year, on X repeatedly.

He said, I only know Jeffrey Epstein because of fundraising relationship with MIT, which I very much regret.

These meetings were recorded by Joey Ito, then director of MIT Media Lab.

And he also says, yes, with Joey Ito, the director of MIT Media Lab, who asked me to help MIT fundraise with Epstein.

I regret, blah, blah, blah.

Like, none of that's at all true.

There's very few mentions of even fundraising with MIT.

I would even go so far as I don't know.

I've said it this way on some of my posts,

but it's like the extent of the relationship between Epstein and

Reid Hoffman, it almost looks like best friends.

Like my best friends, I don't interact with anywhere near as much as

as Reed Hoffman and Jeffrey Epstein did over, you know,

between 2013 and 2019.

There are constant contact.

there's something around on the order of about 400 initiations by Hoffman to Epstein. It wasn't just

mediated by Joe Yito at all. And, you know, their, their assistants were in constant contact

with each other. They had extensive financial relationships. There's something like 42 different

meetings that are documented. Around 20 are absolutely confirmed. They met in person for breakfast.

they would spend time at each other's houses overnight.

Epstein met his wife.

It is claimed that by Hoffman that he only was there for one night,

even the one time that we have absolutely documented that he's referring to,

he was there for two nights.

And almost certainly there was two other island visits as well.

In addition, it's an extraordinarily extensive personal and business relationship.

and it's not just about Joito.

Now, Joito was a really important part of it.

Joe Ito was sort of, as far as I can tell, again, you guys know a lot more about this than

I do, but as far as I can tell, really going through the files of the last couple of days,

Joe Itto was sort of Epstein's gateway into sort of academia, Cambridge, Harvard, science.

That's sort of his main gateway there.

Reedhofen was his gateway into Silicon Valley, into tech, the main.

guy. And so there is a very close relationship as well between Joe Yito and Hoffman, but there is also

very much an independent relationship between Hoffman and Jeff Ripsstein, very much independent

of Joe Yito.

Okay. So, Reed claimed that he only had a few interactions with Epstein. That's false. You're saying

he had hundreds. Hundreds.

Including dozens of in-person meetings and stay at the island, at least.

once you said for two nights not one and there were probably a second or third visit.

Yes.

There was the stay at the townhouse.

Re-claimed that all of his interactions were sort of mediated by Joey Ito and were about

the MIT Media Lab.

By the way, it's not clear why someone would feel compelled to spend so much time fundraising

for MIT, which wasn't even their alma mater.

So this whole explanation didn't really make a lot of sense from the beginning.

but it's pretty clear that the topics of conversation were not about MIT or MIT Media Lab.

In fact, I thought one detail that was really kind of interesting was their first interaction,

one of the first was about they bonded over a book called deception, which I haven't read the book.

I don't know what the thesis is, but it appears to justify the use of deception in certain circumstances.

is. Anyway, I just think that was ironic, I guess, if nothing else. But look, I, you know,

can I make a quick comment? Yes. Go ahead. Yeah, Michael, go ahead. Do you want to be a defense attorney in

this context? Not, not exactly, although I end up, I guess, putting myself into a position where

it can come across that way. I'm really trying to be the defense attorney for, like, sanity.

Yeah. So here's what I would say. I have to just reject the whole premise of this discussion that is

so ubiquitous now, which is that anybody who so much has exchanged a shortling email with

Jeffrey Epstein. And I know Reid-Hoffman apparently had a closer relationship with Jeffrey

Epstein than just one email here or there. But the principle that anybody who had some

interaction of some degree, to some degree or another, Jeffrey Epstein, now that's something that

they have to issue these mealy-mouth melodramatic statements of profound apology for is

just so tedious and ridiculous.

What are they guilty of?

If the implication is that they're by association guilty of enabling pedophilic sex trafficking,

that is a flagrant misconception.

Do people know how come it's ever clarified that Jeffrey Epstein was never even accused

of committing any illicit sexual acts against any person under the age of 18 after the year 2005?

So I don't know what years Reid Hoffman and Jeffrey Epstein interacted,

But this idea that he was like looking the other way while all these preteens were being raped is just nonsense.

But the media never clarifies it.

So now we have everybody from Noam Tromsky to Steve Bannon being told that their reputation is in tatters and they are themselves like by association, some sort of like sex criminal enablers.

And it's just a total fantasy.

So Michael.

And it's part of this moral panic.

Yeah.

Michael, I think this, I think you're making some really interesting points.

I think they're important.

I mean, Epstein pleaded guilty to two prostitution charges in 2008.

You're saying Reed Hoffman and Noam Chomsky and Steve Bennett should have all said,

oh, because the guy pleaded guilty to two prostitution charges, which they were, which they were,

that means nobody can ever consort with him ever again for the rest of his life.

I think that's a ridiculous standard.

There's two different issues here.

One is whether or not there's this global pedophile ring and, you know, we can even go further.

And there's these satanic rituals and all that.

this other stuff, which I'm inclined to think that you're very close to the truth and what you're

saying.

On the other hand, there are Reid Hoffman's public statements, like dramatically minimizing

the relationship.

Now, I think that can easily obviously be explained.

There's an obvious explanation where we don't have to necessarily impugn to Reed Hoffman,

you know, being a pedophile or any of these other things that people are wanting to suggest.

because he lied. And the alternative explanation is just that this is such a hot potato. There is

a hysteria. So people lie about their relationship with Epstein, even though they're not guilty

of something that's terrible behind the scenes. Any association at all is radio with Epstein is radioactive.

I mean, so if somebody lies then, I mean, they can be condemned for the lie because lying itself

is condemned. Like Howard Lutnik made up a ridiculous lie that was totally pointless and actually

counterproductive for his purposes. And the lie itself.

can be condemnable, but not necessarily because our Ludniks is covering up any kind of pedophilic

sex criminality, just because of the moral hysteria that's been allowed to be unleashed around

this stuff or like any connection in any way at Epstein is like grounds for censure.

Yeah.

All right, let me tell you my point of view on this.

So first of all, I think you're correct that there's a lot of guilt by association happening

and there is a little bit of a feeding frenzy.

And like you said, just because someone emailed Epstein doesn't mean that they were involved

with him in some nefarious way. And I thought it was unfair when Sager mentioned that Jason had

emails with Epstein back in 2011 to make an introduction. I hadn't even seen that. I mean,

it's not important enough to even to draw my attention. Like, who cares? There's plenty of

interesting material in the files, but like random emails. No, no. I agree. And that's why I tried

to defend Jason theirs, because I know there was just nothing to that. Now, in the case of Reed,

I think that there's a couple of things that are interesting about this. Number one is when this new Epstein

file's drop happened, Reid came out on X and very aggressively started pointing the finger at other people,

wildly accusing both Elon Musk and Donald Trump of somehow being involved in Epstein's

purported crimes. And this is just a classic case of someone throwing something.

stones while living in a glass house. I mean, you look at his own statements from 2019 all the way

up to weeks ago, and they don't hold water at all. He lies about the extent of his relation with

Epstein, how many times they met, what the subject matter was, what the context was, how many

times he visited the island potentially. I mean, just one lie after another, while again, wildly

accusing other people, and you do have to just ask what is going on here.

Yeah. I mean, that just goes to show how weaponizable this whole thing is and how the Epstein story or any kind of tangential connection to Epstein can be leveraged to serve some kind of preexisting agenda. So if, like, Reed Hoffman and Elon Musk don't like each other, then they could accuse each other of like having a more, a closer connection to Epstein than they did. And it's just like a slug fest. And yet I'm still struggling to understand like what the underlying accusation of wrongdoing is, supposed.

to be above and beyond just how perhaps Reid Hoffman and or Musk or whomever might have misrepresented

the relationship.

Well, the question is also partly like, why did he need to so aggressively attack others?

Why did he need to so aggressively lie about the relationship?

Is it just that he's covering himself because of a moral hysteria or is there, I don't know.

Well, I mean, my theory on this, I think it's kind of obvious what he's doing is that by pointing

the finger at Trump or Elon, actually both, he's driving everyone into their partisan tribes.

Right.

So as to, I think, seek protection of the Democrat tribe to which he's contributed hundreds

of millions of dollars.

And I think it's worked.

I mean, you look at the mainstream media coverage of this, the New York Times coverage

of it, which we talked about in a previous episode of the show.

They wrote an article about Epstein's ties to Silicon Valley.

other people who had far less extensive of a relationship with Epstein got paragraphs in that story.

Reed Hoffman was only mentioned in one sentence along with three other people.

So he does seem to be getting a pass from, you know, Michael, if, you know, you want to correct

criticize this as a feeding frenzy or moral panic or hysteria or what have you.

Whatever it is, he seems to be getting a pass from the media.

And my point about this has not been to accuse Reed of.

crimes because I don't think we have any basis for that whatsoever. Let me just state that

clearly. Isn't there a fallacy of all this then? No, well, let me get to that. My point has

just been that the media needs to cover this in a fair and even-handed way, as opposed to, like you

said, weaponizing it to go after the people they don't like because there's political advantage

in that. Or another parallel is Hillary Clinton just came out this week and gave an interview on

the BBC where she said, we the Clintons, Bill and I, we had no real connections with Epstein,

Donald Trump, we can just assume as unassailably true that he's in the process of orchestrating

a cover-up because he has something to hide.

And then on the other hand, Trump will toggle back and forth between Bill Clinton and

Larry Summers and Reid Hoffman.

They're the ones who are truly implicated by their association with Epstein.

I had nothing really to do with the guy.

And then the next day, he'll say, oh, I'm a little upset or rueful that Bill Clinton's

been dragged into this mess. And it just gets, you know, framed around, organized around just like

a partisan battering ram. And it just becomes incredibly tedious because there doesn't even have to be

any more, any concrete allegation of any wrongdoing whatsoever. There's no credible allegation of any

pedophilic wrongdoing by either Donald Trump, Bill Clinton, Reid Hoffman, Elon Musk, any of it's

like, what are we talking about here ultimately? We're like in this other domain of like, who can

establish the most damning guilt by association, even though nobody can spell out what,

the guilt is supposed to be tied to.

Well, but here's the question is, why did Reed so brazenly lie about his relationship with Epstein?

It could just be that he wants to protect his reputation in business by minimizing

the association.

But obviously, when you lie that extensively and that brazenly about it, it is going to make

people think that you have something to cover up.

and, you know, I think that...

People think a lot of dumb things.

I mean, is there, like, any evidence at all that would tie Reed Hoffman to some kind of

child sex crime?

Not, I'm not accusing him of that.

So if people think that's what's being covered up, then they should be disabused of that

fallacious notion, rather than countenancing the notion and allowing the mass

hysteria to continue proliferating unhindered.

Can I ask you something, Michael, what evidence is there for, so on the island or, you

Or in general, what evidence is there that people were being trafficked?

Maybe not minors.

Did that actually, were people actually going to the island for that purpose?

Was that that extensive or not?

It's impossible to know what people even mean by trafficking anymore.

Trafficking is an incredibly nebulous concept.

It's very much open to the whims and discretion of prosecutors who seek to fit some fact pattern

to a desire to prosecute somebody for some sort of sexual-related offense.

If it involves simply facilitating the movements of somebody from point A to point B.

So if adult women consensually flew on an airplane to go visit a luxury island in the Caribbean,

and over the course of that visit, maybe they engage in some consensual sex act,

and then 20 years later, they can retroactively classified as trafficking,

and that will entitle them to like millions of dollars in tax-free settlement money,

are we going to take a face value that that constitutes trafficking?

Because I don't.

So I'm always a little bit mystified as to what we're supposed to understand is trafficking now.

So your overall perspective on this is basically that a lot of the discourse about this is constructed

and we don't really understand the underlying facts.

Is that your basic position?

I mean, I understand the underlying facts to the greatest degree that I can ascertain them.

And I think that they are just chronically and almost unbelievably miscarriage.

characterized everywhere you look. Let me get you to react to this tweet that someone just mentioned you on.

Oh, here we go. A brilliant feedback. Well, this is, okay, this is a guy, I don't know, this guy,

present witness, but this is what he's saying is the evidence. Okay, so I just, you know, I want to get your

reaction to, well, let me read this for people who are just listening and can't see the screen,

and then I'll get your reaction to it. So he says, here's the evidence. $160 million from Leon Black.

$50 million townhouse and power of attorney over Wexner's estate, cameras in his residence

wired by Israeli government, compromising photos of Prince Andrew Clinton, etc., confirmed sex

trafficking of underage girls from Maxwell Brunel and others, teaching job with William Barr,

Prince's CIA, Koshoggi was a client of Epstein,

parentheses money laundering for intelligence question mark, advisor to Ehud Barak and the Rothschild,

Rumler, who is a chief legal officer, Goldman Sachs, and former White House counsel under Obama,

was a key advisor and backup executive as well.

There are millions of files still redacted,

none have been released by CA, State Department.

This is just the tip of the iceberg.

Anyone telling you that there's nothing to see here

is attempting to whitewash the most important revealing

intelligence-related story of our lifetimes?

And then he calls you out here.

Michael Tracy doesn't understand the difference between evidence and proof

and is simply exploiting sexually abused women for engagement.

Okay.

I mean, first of all, I don't know what that guy is even arguing

all that stuff is supposed to be evidence of.

Like, what is the ultimate contention that he's claiming those myriad scattered data points are supposed to justify?

I mean, that's why that's what's so strange about this story.

Nobody can really ever articulate.

Like, Sagar struggled to articulate what I suspect actually is his ultimate belief, which is that there was some kind of pedo trafficking operation.

Like, I think said that he agreed with the Thomas Massey quote that I read out to him.

But on its face, that's sort of like a bizarre statement to me.

So they latch on to this other peripheral stuff around intelligence and whatnot.

And like I said, how dare anyone ever say there's nothing to see here?

And he ascribed that to me.

I've never said there's nothing to see here.

People tell me all the time that I allegedly have said there's nothing to see here,

but I don't say that at all.

I'm pretty much as obsessed, if not more obsessed with this story than anyone at this point,

to a degree that's probably not very healthy, like mentally.

But of course I don't say that.

But I'm obsessed with it. Hold on, Michael. Let me just ask you about that. You're obsessed with it in the sense that you think this is a modern day Salem witch trial. Right. Which is fascinating. Yeah. So you're fascinated from like a sociological standpoint, which is have humans evolved beyond, you know, where they were hundreds of years ago engaging in witch hunts and things like that? Or do you think it's interesting? It's other ways. I think it's interesting in other ways. Definitely in that way as well. But there are other ways in

which it's interesting. I think it's almost interesting as an anthropological survey of sorts among,

you know, elites movers and shakers, you could say, where Epstein did have this extraordinary

ability to network and to convene people who probably otherwise would never have been convened.

So I've been saying that I think Jeffrey Epstein is the only man on earth who could have

brought together for a friendly social powwow, Noam Chomsky and Steve Bannon. Like, I'm almost

jealous of that. I mean, I'm sure that would have been a very fascinating discussion to listen in on,

right? And there are other examples. And so I think it's interesting from that perspective.

I mean, I think everything that, every little piece of information that can be uncovered about

Jeffrey Epstein's life is now almost intrinsically interesting, just given the salience of the story,

right? So I guess I'm interested just from that perspective, because like, obviously he's now

a historic or world historic even figure.

And so, yeah, I'm always down to find out something new about what Jeffrey was up to.

So, sure, I think it's interesting politically just in terms of how this can be leveraged into

some sort of political battering ram against enemies.

And, you know, this is like the number one oppositional Trump narrative of the second term.

It's almost Russiagate redux in the outsized.

prominence that Democrats are giving it in terms of what they bring up day after day,

in hopes of it undercutting Trump or bedeviling him.

Yeah, it does seem to be like the new Russia gate in that way, where every possible

tangential fact is somehow connected.

And the whole thing kind of metastises and is used in a partisan, weaponized way.

Yeah.

There's no question about that.

There's an international component.

Like, this is the number one scandal.

right now that's ravaging Norway, Slovakia, I was mentioning, obviously Great Britain today,

other places, you know, United Arab Emirates, name your country. So there's an inter,

like, it's been internationalized, which is just fascinating as well. Didn't, didn't they burn,

like an effigy of Jeffrey Epstein in Iran or something? I mean, it just never ends. So,

of course, there's like infinite fascinating material, at least to me. I just don't accept that

in order to be fascinated by this, we must have this weird epistemology where we can just

collect all these discrepant little pieces of information, blast them out on the internet,

and then just think that we've done the argumentative and logical work necessarily,

to somehow establish how that proves our ultimate notions about what the story is supposed

to signify, which again is pedophilic sex trafficking enforced by blackmail that it's

narrated prominent individuals at the direction of some intelligence agency.

That's the crux of the Epstein mythology.

And it's been systematically unraveled,

partially by this disclosure of more Epstein files,

but even prior to January 30th or December 19th, the two productions,

there was never any credible evidence for any of it.

So yeah, I am fascinated in terms of how people come to believe such mythological things.

And the journalistic malfeasance, again, that has been,

characterizing the story as well is a particular interest to me because it's been a central

factor in how the mythology has been allowed to just kind of proliferate without any

counter-reveiling point of view being put to it. All right. I think that's a pretty good place for

us to wrap up. Kevin, do you have any final thoughts? I'll just continue releasing some of this

stuff. I tend to agree with Michael, but

I also think that sticking to the facts is also very important, too, and telling the truth

is important in both directions as well.

Can I just make one concluding thought?

I actually do think it's, you know, I'm happy for this opportunity to speak on your podcast.

I assume I'm reaching an audience that probably would not otherwise hear of me to a large

extent.

And because I do think it's actually very disturbing that so many people around the world

are being told that it's somehow been proven or vindicated that there is a massive

child rape ring or that there were mass child rapes that were allowed to be perpetrated by the

highest levels of government and then were covered up because as I mentioned on Pierce Morgan this week,

it's very easy to imagine how people with the predisposition toward mental illness who hear this

stuff and believe it might be driven to do something like homicidally crazy. So I'm not predicting

anything in particular. I just think it's probably the most explosive

thing to tell the mass public in terms of what it might incite particular people with a

particular mental instability to do. So, I mean, that's just one of the potentially detrimental

effects of all this that I think it should be rationally counter to the maximum extent

possible. And I think we're going to be set with this issue for the foreseeable future. So at a certain

point, I don't know, maybe there should be a little bit more momentum behind providing some

degree of a rational corrective. I mean, or does it, is it just me? I mean, am I the only guy who's

going to be doing this forevermore? I mean, there's some more who have come to take on a little bit

more of a skeptical perspective, but well, I think we should, we have, we should be cognizant

of the real world ramifications rather than just speaking about it in the abstract or who suffers

more, Reid Hoffman versus Elon Musk or all this other stuff. I think it really is a crazy making thing.

been inculcated in the public. Yeah. Well, look, I think both of you have performed very valuable

services for the public in regards to this whole episode. I think, Michael, you are asking really

important questions about evidentiary standards. And what is the basis for some of the more,

let's call them Epstein maximalist claims out there, again, about this global pedophile ring and so

forth? And I think you're right that when you're talking about crimes, you have to be evidence-driven,

and there is a little bit of a feeding frenzy here. And it is appropriate.

to ask what the motivations are of everyone involved in the story.

And you're one of the only people who are doing it.

Although it does seem like you are making a difference.

There does seem to be a vibe shift a little bit around what you're doing.

Yeah.

Most people who have like who have their brains wired in a normal way,

which would not include me,

it would probably have like a negative emotional reaction to being in and

dated day and day out with accusations of personally being a pedophile

or harboring like depraved sexual fantasies of.

or whatever, but like, you know, obviously that is not the case for me.

But I can withstand it because I'm used to the torrent of vitriol,

but most people, I think, probably would be dissuaded from taking a certain angle on a certain subject

if that's what they had to endure.

Well, the mob does not like being accused of being a mob.

And their defense mechanism seems to be to accuse anyone who points out some of these problems

and the logic of basically somehow being involved in the crimes that they're alleging.

So in any event, I do think that you are performing a valuable service.

You know, when Hollywood dramatizes this, it's, you know, it's like Henry Fonda in the

Oxbow incident, or maybe it's Gregory Peck and to kill a mockingbird.

You've got a mob, and you have this one lone figure who's standing to thwart the mob,

trying to talk sense into them.

And, you know, in real life, it's not Gregory Peck.

It's like a guy in a one-bedroom apartment in New Jersey.

Yes.

For all the money, I'm told I'm surreptitiously receiving from Leslie Wexner and the Mossad.

I mean, I wish I could get some better digs.

Yeah.

And Kevin, I do think that what you're doing is really important because I think that the citizen journalism here that's sleuthing through the Epstein files is turning up really interesting things.

And I do not think it's appropriate for me to be, again, wildly pointing.

the finger at other people while the evidence shows that he's been bold-faced lying about every

aspect of his relation with Jeffrey Epstein. And to be honest, if he had just kept his mouth shut and

not accused other people, I'm not even sure this would be a topic on the show. I would just wait

to let the chips fall where they may and see what ultimately comes out about this. But he kind of

put himself in play by saying all of these things. And I do think it's appropriate to examine the

record and and assess his credibility on that basis. And you've done that job. And I hope you and other

people will keep going through the files and actually seeing what is actually there so we can

get to the truth of this story. I agree. And thank you. Well, let's, let's wrap it there. I just

want to make one final point, which is, you know, even when years ago, this was sort of a cause

celeb on the right where you had right-wing podcasts pointing the finger at Bill Clinton or other

left-wing figures. I never weighed in on this. I wasn't sure what to think. I still am not completely

sure what to think about it. I don't want to get over my skis in terms of overly associating myself

with any one point of view because I think when people do that, they do kind of dig in. And I'm keeping

an open mind with respect to what comes out next. It would not surprise me at all.

if Michael Tracy turned out to be correct, but also it wouldn't completely surprise me if some

version of Sagar's version of the story proved to be correct, assuming more evidence comes out.

So I'm keeping an open mind. I do think it's really important for us to evaluate the claims

critically, which is why I think it's important to hear from people like Michael Tracy.

And I look forward to seeing what comes next, and we'll address it then.

I try to be rigorously evidence-based as well myself, so I don't discount

the idea that something could theoretically come out that would undermine some of the

assumptions or conclusions that I've derived from my research and reporting on this. So I think

that's a healthy epistemological habit, always be open to the possibility of something that's

in contravention of your prior assumptions of being presented to you. So why not?

Fully agreed. Okay, we'll leave it there. Thanks, guys.

fans and they've just gone crazy with it.

Love you, Ski.

Queen of a kid woman

just have one big huge orgy

because they're all just,

it's like this sexual tension

but they just need to release them out.

What are a bee?

Bees.

I'm doing all...