=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Ellison's Media Empire, Ken Burns Joins, Cursor Mic Drop | Matthew Belloni, Gokul Rajaram, Nik Seetharaman, Raj Rajamani, James Everingham, Dr. Felix Ejeckam
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/ellisons-media-empire-ken-burns-joins-cursor-mic-drop-matthew-belloni-gokul-rajaram-nik-seetharaman-raj-rajamani-james-everingham-dr-felix-ejeckam
Datum: 2026-03-04
Länge: ~186k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TV and Ultramm, the Temple of Technology,

the Forteas of Finance, the Capital of Capital.

Time is money saved both.

These are used corporate cards, bill pay accounting, and a lot more all in one place.

And you know who's going to need a ramp card, David Ellison,

because he owns Warner Brothers now.

So, David, if you're listening, just do it.

It's just on board to RAMP.

We have a fantastic show for you today, folks.

Let's pull up the linear lineup because we got

it's Hollywood Day basically on TBPN.

That's right.

Matthew Bellany from Puck.

He's the founding partner coming on to help us understand David Ellison's mission

with Warner Brothers Discovery, Paramount, HBO, CNN.

He's got CBS.

He's got everything now.

Then Ken Burns is coming on to talk about his whole career in filmmaking.

And of course, we have a fantastic...

And explain film.

Film, yes.

For anyone listening that might be like myself.

is the system for modern software development.

70% of enterprise workspaces on linear using agents.

Film is the process of capturing images digitally or using celluloid.

Do you know about celluloid?

No.

This is right, right?

The filmmakers in the back now.

So you used to need a specific chemical process.

You'd probably be very hands off on this process,

but you used to create a strip of film with the thin, clear,

and you put some chemicals on it.

And then when light hits it, what does it do?

It makes, if a lot of light hits it, it makes it black,

and then that's the negative,

and then they flip that around by shining light through it

to then expose the final picture.

And then you get a beautiful movie

that you get to watch at the cinema.

Interesting to know how Netflix will change their tune on theaters.

So Ted Sarandos has been basically trash-talking movie theaters

for a long time,

Netflix is the future, tech is the future.

He hasn't been super rude or anything, but he's been like,

it's not really key to our strategy.

Then as soon as he was in the deal for Warner Brothers,

he was like, yeah, the theater's amazing.

It's not going anywhere.

Like, we're excited to invest.

And we will talk to Matt Bellany about how long that lasts

until he starts talking trash again.

But he's already...

Netflix is up 22%.

Oh, yeah.

The shareholders hated the idea.

They hated the idea.

Market loves getting your enemy to...

overpay for a handful, a basket of legacy assets.

Yeah.

There is another thesis on why Netflix stock has mooned, and it's mostly around this concept

that Ted Sarandos just stunned in a pair of jeans at the SAG Awards.

So look at this.

I mean, you see this, how can you not want to buy the stock?

This is not financial advice, but you see a guy pull up in a fit like that.

You're like, this is going to moon.

I got to get in.

I'm going turbo long.

I'm top lasting.

you're buying the dip.

You're top lasting and you're buying the dip

when you see a man pull up in $2.8 billion jeans

because that's the amount of money

that Netflix got wired because of this deal.

That was the breakup fee.

For some reason, I had it in my head

that the breakup fee would be the other way.

Not too shabby.

In fact, Netflix got paid

and Matthew Bellaney got a thousand likes on this post.

So my question is,

there's a ton of debt going into this deal

Will I be able to watch The Sopranos on Netflix?

Will I be able to watch The Dark Night on Netflix?

It's a complicated question because content licensing deals are not,

they're not one-size-fits-all.

They're subject to windowing and certain markets.

So if Netflix has really high penetration in Germany and HBO doesn't,

it might make sense to license it there, but not elsewhere.

But I just want to know broadly, like, what do we expect from Paramount Skydance,

Warner Brothers, Discovery?

CBS, CNN.

TNT.

I think they have Shark Week now, right?

It's in Discovery.

They got the Food Network.

HGTV.

You can watch the Property Brothers.

Maybe on Netflix one day.

Who knows?

But this is like the most extreme scenario.

And we talked about a post where someone was like, oh, like, you know, masterful 3D chess.

They got, Netflix got Paramount to overpay for this.

And now they're going to be so indebted because the deal got so big that

they're just going to have to come to us and license 100% of the catalog on day one.

I don't know if that's true, so I wanted to dig into it. Let's talk about it.

So just to recap and set the table, David Ellison, who is the chairman and the CEO of Paramount Skydance,

agreed to raise his offer for Warner Brothers Discovery to $31 a share. A lot of people, myself somewhat included,

thought that Netflix was at least going to counter a little bit, but they folded immediately.

And so the co-CEOES, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters, they didn't counter,

And they said, you got it?

Why arrest the 2.A. B?

And they did.

So the result is that David Ellison is handing over $11 billion in exchange for Warner Brothers,

HBO Max, CNN, and the other cable networks.

There was this whole political angle in D.C.

About how interested would Trump be in the deal?

And apparently, as soon as he found out that Netflix was not interested in the cable TV assets,

he became less interested in the deal.

because I think he watches a lot of news,

but he probably doesn't watch a lot of Batman reboots

and doesn't really care what happens there.

And so, you know, it's just like a different thing.

It's like, you know, he's not turning on the latest DC cinematic universe film.

He'd be like, they're taking shots of me.

But if he turns on CNN and they're taking shots at him,

he's like, I care about that, right?

So in terms of the financial situation, they're levering up.

They took our advice when we started the show.

We told everyone, rule number one is lever up.

And they did.

So Paramount is already levered.

$10 billion in net debt.

Yeah, to the guilds.

10 billion of net debt, it's like $13 billion, but they have $3 billion in cash.

So $10 billion in net debt, $3 billion of adjusted evita with which to service that debt.

Reasonable, but still pretty high leverage, 3x.

Paramount will be adding $60 billion of debt.

So all combined, the company will have something like $70 billion of net debt, $79 billion of total debt,

with roughly 12 billion of adjusted EBITDA.

And so when you're operating north of 6x leverage,

that leads to different decision-making.

Higher discount rates, higher interest rates.

It can shift the focus to near-term cash.

So Netflix is a logical counterparty here

because it can pay, it has the cash,

it has a lot of cash flow,

to pay for global rights at scale

and has a long history of paying top dollar

to deploy capital to known franchises.

And also,

Netflix is in a particularly interesting financial position.

So they've been an incredible case study for operating leverage, a true overnight success, something like 20 years grinding up, grinding up the subscribers, grinding up the revenue, investing more and more in content.

And if we can pull up the chart, either scrolling down on the TBPN.com newsletter or going to the third post in the timeline, you will see the small bars, the red bars are the revenue.

and the little dots that have the numbers on them, which you can't really see, show how much they're investing in content.

And so for a long time, for something like almost from 2002 to 2018, so 16 years, Netflix was like, we made $100 million, let's make $100 million dollars with the content.

Let's buy $100 million with content.

And then they were like, wait, we made a billion dollars.

You're never going to guess what we're going to spend on content.

Exactly one billion dollars.

And then they were like, okay, we made, we made $10 billion.

This is going to shock you, but we're spending $10 billion on content.

And so they would just spend exactly what they made on content.

But that changed.

That changed in 2019, 2020, COVID.

The amount of the amount of subscribers spiked, the amount of revenue spiked.

Then they launched the ad model.

It took them a while to figure that out.

but eventually worked.

And the business kept growing, the top line kept growing,

but they ran out of stuff to buy.

They ran out of stuff to make.

And even though they were paying, you know,

top dollar for all these different assets,

they sort of held their content budget flat.

Their revenue went up,

and that's, of course, operating leverage.

So profits to pay for Warner Brothers Discovery assets, potentially.

And so they have the money to spend,

but also they're direct competitors

in streaming with Power Mount Plus and HBO Max.

And so there's a question about how,

friendly will they be? You know, if you license all the good HBO stuff, the people want

unsubscribe of HBO. Yeah, or Paramount. Or Paramount. Yeah, exactly. It just makes the paramount

subscription offering less competitive. Totally, totally. So it's this delicate balance. There's also,

potentially, and this was from the President Fox, there's potentially the idea that regulators

might attach a condition to the deal, or at least signal or put pressure that the combined entity

should maintain its tradition of licensing and selling content.

Yeah, Lockland yesterday said this is Fox CEO Lockland Murdoch.

Expects that regulators will impose a third-party content licensing condition on Paramount

and Warner Brothers Discovery is $110 billion merger.

He said we wish them the best of luck.

We've seen this regardless of whether it was Netflix acquiring Warner Brothers Discovery

or Paramount acquiring Warner Brothers Discovery.

There will be conditions put on this transaction, which would require.

producer of that size to continue to sell their content to third-party platforms.

This was yesterday up in SF.

Yeah.

So I ballparked it at like maybe 70% chance that in the next two years,

there's some sort of meaningful content licensing deal between Paramount Warner Brothers Discovery

and Netflix.

But I do think that there will be limited windows.

some selection in markets where content is available, and pretty much everything will be non-exclusive.

So if some, you know, like the original Dark Night trilogy goes on Netflix, it'll probably still be on HBO on Paramount Plus.

The real key brand assets like the Sopranos and the DC universe properties, those are much less likely to be licensed.

And there's basically no world where Netflix gets the first streaming rights to like tent poles.

You want to maintain those.

you want to give the super fans a reason to stay subscribed to begin a subscription on your now-to-streaming

platforms.

There is a lot of potential upside for the Ellison Empire.

I think of this like buying a house and then getting a roommate.

Like you're levered up, you got a crazy mortgage.

That's such a good example.

Right?

You buy a house.

You live in large, but...

But you got a roommate.

Yeah.

And the roommate's Netflix, and they're paying the rent to you.

You pay the mortgage.

And you kind of hate your roommate.

You kind of hate your roommate, but you're long, the real estate market.

And then as you get promotions, as you get more cash flow, as you get more adjusted

evita, you can pay your mortgage.

And as you pay your mortgage down, you wind up with a really cool asset, which is this

nice house that actually has the extra bedroom.

They're like, look, we had a good run.

I really love the way you would put dishes in the sink and not do them.

I really love the way you would watch movies loud into the night and yell.

Yeah.

But I think it's time for us to move out, and I'm going to take the mortgage myself.

I'm good for the full bill every month. I'm good. But there are a lot of similarities, right?

Because what are you getting with Warner Brothers? You're getting a whole library of IP that's very valuable, potentially for like a hundred years.

Porky Pig is from 1935, and I still know this guy's name. And I know, like, I could draw a picture if I needed to.

And so if you believe that intellectual property will have a very, very long lifetime, lifespan,

and it's incredibly valuable, but you have to finance it with debt,

you have to work really hard to pay the bills in the short term.

You can wind up with a really great asset, even if you have that roommate for the short term.

The other interesting question was, what does this reveal about the Ellison family's worldview for the future?

Because on the one end of the spectrum, you have Larry Allison, who seems incredibly AGI-I-pilled.

He's going crazy into AI data centers.

You disagree with this?

Well, I think remember, I think we did like the chart of who's the most AGI-I-Pilled.

He needs AGI versus AGI-I-Pilled.

So he needs AGII, but he's not AGI-I-Pilled.

Why is it not AGI-I-pilled?

Oh, just because of his rhetoric.

He just doesn't do that many podcasts.

Get him on Dwar Cash.

Yeah, yeah.

We'll see what he says.

Maybe his timelines, like ASI next month, you know?

Who knows?

Yeah, he's actually, you need to sit down your family today.

He's obviously very age-y, I peeled.

Does he have a Mac Mini?

That's the real question.

Funding data centers is generally aligned with a future

where AI is an important technology.

Yeah, levering up massively, right?

Yes, levering up on the day.

He believes that AI is going to be big, right?

Yes, yeah, yeah, exactly.

He believes AI is going to be big.

But then he also believes, or, you know,

in concert with David, his son,

believes that AI will not destroy legacy Hollywood assets.

that like, no matter how many dollars you have, no matter how much compute you have,

no matter how many generations you can use the latest video model,

you will not just to be able to create a, you know, a superhero that kids will dress up as at Halloween.

And I think that's true.

And I believe both of these.

You don't?

You're going to be dressing up as Slot Man next next Halloween.

Look, it's Slot Man.

You're going to be like, oh, you don't know this superhero that I prompted myself.

and no one knows but me.

It's a highly, don't you know the internet's highly personalized now?

You can dress up as like a superhero who has like these black ears and like looks very similar

to Batman, but it's not bad.

Not the non-IP infringing Batman?

Literally describing Slotman.

Yeah, Slot Man.

You're going to dress up as the knockoff, Slot Man.

I don't think anyone's going to do that.

I think Batman, Superman.

I think broadly media becomes like every piece of media that the audience

gets smaller and smaller, everything becomes more and more personalized.

Like maybe, yeah, like, I think IP still has like a fairly big role in that, but you want

to be on the cutting edge.

I just think this idea of like shelling points and like things that, like, yes, I can

have a video that's perfectly tailored to me, but I like talking about movies with Ken Burns.

They're calling you Timu Batman.

Yeah, Timu Batman over here.

Come out of here.

Timu Batman.

I don't know.

But, but, so maybe that's not your worldview, Tyler, but it's clearly the worldview of the Ellison family.

Because they believe in this barbell effect. They believe in the value of, yeah, I would, I would, you know, another way to look at it is like you could get this hyper personalization, but it could be around existing IP.

That's licensed.

So you get to watch a personalized version of Batman content that's targeted just for you individually, but the kids are still dressing up as Batman.

And we've already seen a glimpse of this with, with video.

games. There are video games that leverage existing intellectual property, but allow you to customize

your character in some way. Put more skill points into intelligence and cast spells versus strength

and use a sword, right? Like, you can have your own experience if you play, even like the

Arkham Batman series, it's pretty linear, but you can play it more aggressively, you can play it

more stealthily, and you can experience a Batman world that is more stealthy. And you can experience a Batman world that is more

stealth focused or more fighting game focused and that allows you to experience something that is unifying and we can discuss okay you played the same game as me you understand the same character as me but we had a different experience and I think AI accelerates that and makes it more more more valuable not less I don't know I I I'm somewhat pillow on this but I respect your your differing worldview that you will be enjoying slot man enjoy so

By the loosest counts, this is the ninth or 10th time that Warner Brothers has changed hands

since it became an independent movie studio in 1923.

There's some of those acquisitions that have been like divestitures or reorganizations

within other companies, but just like a fascinating thing.

And I do think that David Ellison is going to go the long distance with this.

I think with a little careful financial management and probably some

a few content licensing deals.

Like, this might be the last one.

It might, he might, he might be running this organization for his entire career.

He's been working in, in Hollywood, uh, since he was a kid and has been very dedicated

to this particular industry for a very long time.

And so, um, I don't think he's going anywhere.

And so get ready for a whole bunch more content.

Apparently they're going to make like 30 movies a year, like, which is a dramatic step up.

I think that they're going to try and actually ramp up the production.

Are you sure that's not per day?

I hope so.

With AI, it's totally possible.

As long as Tyler over there is buying tickets to see Slop Man number 17, Revenge of the Slop Man,

I think that there's money to be printed.

Lambda is the Super Intelligence Cloud, building AI supercomputer for training and inference with scale from one GPU to hundreds of thousands.

Slop Man 2, Revenge of the Trough.

Revenge of the Trough coming to.

Coming to it.

Come up a ton of breaks, for sure.

Pick channels, target audiences, and measure sales just like on Meta.

And if you are inspired by the whole Netflix Warner Brothers saga,

you should head over to the Goodwill in downtown Brooklyn.

Tom from Vanity Fair says for 1499, you can Zazlov max this spring.

They're selling a nice Port Authority puffer vest from Warner Brothers Discovery.

That is a good pickup.

Zazlov is a deals guy, Hall of Famer, for sure.

He was involved in launching CNBC.

He also helped create MSNBC, became the CEO of Discovery 2006,

and just a whole bunch of other crazy deals.

Love to have him on the show once all this settles down.

His full career is fascinating.

And he's been loved, he's been hated, he's been everything in between.

Lots of people have opinions.

but there's no way to be unhappy if you've been riding with him as a shareholder

because he got every penny out of this thing.

He certainly did.

According to the Washington Post, there was a researcher skeptical of Havana syndrome.

So he tested a secret weapon on himself.

In 2024, Norwegian researcher skeptical that pulsed energy weapons could do damage to human brains,

built a device and tested it on himself.

It didn't go well.

So he built a,

It tested it.

Working in secrecy, working in strict secrecy, a government scientist in Norway built a machine

capable of emitting powerful pulses of microwave energy.

And in an effort to prove such devices are harmless to humans in 2024, he tested on himself.

He suffered neurological symptoms similar to those of Favana syndrome, the unexplained malady

that has struck hundreds of US spies and diplomats around the world.

Yeah, we don't know how to make scientists like this anymore.

This is extremely bullish for the tinfoil hat industry,

because I believe that the actual underlying basis for the idea of a tinfoil hat,

of course we use it somewhat sarcastically here when we're discussing hypothetical conspiracy theories.

But the tinfoil hat is supposed to eliminate microwave radiation in various EMF pulses.

And so if you're worried about getting Havana syndrome, maybe pick up an EMF-proof tinfoil hat,

or maybe just some sort of other, there's probably a better way than just tinfoil around a ball cap.

But startup idea, build a real tinfoil hat that actually protects you from Havana syndrome.

That's the real American dynamism startup.

Thomas Maxwell says we have to stop this.

I'm not eating a quote, Jacob.

Eat a Jacob.

I haven't seen this one before.

It's 20 grams of grass-fed protein, no seed oil, nothing artificial.

Sweetened with organic honey.

This definitely resonated.

24,000 people agree.

But I think there's...

Tyler, you should do a taste test of all the different protein bars.

All the bars named after just regular dudes.

David Barr, the Jacob Bar, there's probably more.

You've got to get on it.

There are a lot of these.

The name, I mean, Lucy, named after a person.

It was a whole trend for a while.

It was.

Cursor would like a word.

Yeah.

This was staggering.

This was great.

They came out yesterday.

They had heard the fud on the timeline around Cursor.

They came out yesterday, and Bloomberg got some of their data.

Their annual revenue top 2 billion in February, according to a source, a figure that underscores the fast growth of the coding assistant.

Sasha summed it up well.

He said,

Cursor sees the timeline turning against them,

quietly give Bloomberg a two billion air.

Press release,

no post from the company or founders,

haters squashed.

True comms masterclass.

And Michael Truel actually did come out this morning

and says,

we believe Cursor discovered a novel solution

to problem six of the first proof challenge,

a set of math research problems

that approximate the work of Stanford, MIT, Berkeley,

Cursor solution yields stronger results in the official human-written solution.

Notably, we used the same harness that we built a browser from scratch a few weeks ago.

It ran fully autonomously without nudging her hints for four days.

This suggests that our technique for scaling agent coordination might generalize beyond coding.

So very, very cool to see the progress from them and clearly doing something right in the enterprise.

just because like everything that you see on the timeline is like totally so many so many enthusiasts

one of my buddies is uh Kyle Russell I worked with him like a decade ago he's at a company

called Valen um and he posted so uh valin uh they make SaaS for mortgage services he says it's very

boring uh but we're basically getting them all to flip from legacy software uh and a rate

limited by biz ops people being able to onboard them.

So we're going to try instead to think about it in terms of what tokens do we need to extract from the org in order to deploy fast.

So he's in this like AI deployment lead role.

And he went, I think, pretty viral saying this morning one person of his team said, hey, can you unsub me from cursor?

And somebody says, done.

And then a bunch of people said, same, same.

Like, I don't need it.

I'm like, I'm happy with another program.

And Kyle said, today we announced we're removing 90 cursor C.

because they haven't had any use in two weeks.

And it is like, it's flipped from like the most cutting edge thing to,

like, it's clearly very sticky because you see the ARR numbers that this like ultra-frontier

coolest, hottest thing is getting some like fud.

And then Sasha broke this down where he was like, the timelines turning against them.

So you have to provide some evidence that like you're not cooked because like the timeline is very much like,

oh, well, like, you're not the hottest thing anymore.

You're not the coolest little thing for, like, the people that are on the most frontier.

And so, you know, just squashing the haters with a 2 billion AOR number, which is fantastic.

Up from one billion in Q4, which is just insane.

Yeah, and so, yeah, I mean, I think like there's just something about the, it goes back to diffusion.

I was debating this with Tyler last night about, you know, how much of AI adoption is just actually

getting the forward deployed engineer in, actually getting people to change their workflows,

onboarding.

Like, there are certain people that will just bounce from the most frontier thing.

Oh, this model is better.

I'm on codex.

I'm on codex.

I'm on cloud.

I'm on codex.

Back and forth.

But for a lot of companies, they need a little bit more handholding.

And so there's a whole massive chunk of the economy that can be transformed by developing

great products and then actually getting them in the hands of businesses.

Arfer Rock is hearing cursor, maybe in the midst of a new race.

raised at 50 billion. That's crazy.

That's crazy. A meaningful markup from 30 where they were sitting again in Q4.

Yeah. What does D.D. say? Everyone in the tech axe bubble thinks they are wholesale ditching

cursor, but enterprise diffusion is glacial. Most of the world just got a hold of it.

It's a good point. It's a very good point. Well, in some good news, Mark Zuckerberg has purchased a

mansion in Miami for $170 million. This was such big news that we had to pull it forward from

the mansion section on Friday to talk about today. But there is a little bit of a black pill here.

cloud provider. Use your favorite agents to deploy web apps, servers, databases, and more

while Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security. And let me also tell

you about Cisco, critical infrastructure for the AI era. Seameless, unlock seamless real-time experiences.

a new value with Cisco.

So of course, Mark got this because of California's wealth tax, which if it goes through,

he would still be subject to at least a one-time payment, you know, which would get litigated,

of course.

What we need now is a picture of him in his backyard, recreating the Ben Affleck smoking meme.

Why?

Because there's this new national wealth tax that Rocona and Bernie Sanders are pushing.

So he's like, he just moved.

You just got this new place across the country.

Probably overpaid to a degree.

People are just going to be like, actually, I live in international waters full time.

I don't live in America.

I don't live in any country, actually.

I live in space.

I live on the international space station or something.

Very, very tricky.

$170 million sounds staggering.

Buy a 5% tax on Mark Zuckerberg's wealth over $11 billion.

That should have been his shopping budget.

Because in DudeMath, if you save money,

you just have a free license to spend it.

So you're like, by moving to Florida,

I'm effectively saving myself $11 billion,

I can spend that, right?

Isn't that how that works?

Exactly.

Meta Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg

and his wife, Priscilla Chan,

have paid $170 million for an underconstruction mansion

on Miami sought after Indian Creek Island.

The deal closed Monday.

The purchase set a record in one of the country's most expensive to date.

The current U.S. record is held by billionaire Ken Griffin.

he spent $238 million for an apartment.

That is a crazy amount of money for an apartment,

but I guess it's in a good building.

There's a lot of apartment.

The Florida record was set last year

when a waterfront compound in Naples traded for $225 million.

I feel like this isn't counting Ken Griffin's compound

that he's building because he's building.

Yeah, because it's multiple properties.

He's bought multiple properties.

Okay, here's where it gets crazy.

Tell me.

The sellers are Dr. Aaron Rollins,

a cosmetic surgeon to the star and his wife,

real estate agent, Marine Rollins.

The Rollins is paid more than 30 million for the roughly two acres site in 2020.

Wow.

Flipping.

Not a bad.

I mean, real estate agent, don't want to go up against them.

They know what they're doing.

Plans called for a nine-bedroom home measuring about 30,000 square feet with a dock in a

swimming pool.

Amenities were to include gym, hair salon, a massage room, as well as a 1,500 gallon aquarium,

and library with a secret passageway.

Zuck does need a hair salon in his house because he's always changing his hairstyle.

Sometimes you've got the Caesar going,

you've got the Fro going.

So this is the Gen Z.

This is elite for him.

Who knows what will go next?

Maybe he'll have long flowing locks like Fabio.

That would be the good next move for him, I think.

How many gallons is the aquarium?

1,500.

Is that a lot?

It doesn't seem like that much.

What can you put in there?

Can you put a shark in there?

No way.

Just like some fish?

No way.

How big is Keith's Aquarium is massive in Miami?

You can scuba dive in it to clean it up.

Anyway, congratulations to the Zuckerbergs on their new property.

It looks beautiful.


---


And without further ado, we have our next guest in the stream waiting room.

Your business is AI.

Their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stop breaches.

And we have Matthew Bellew from Puck.

How are you doing?

What's going on?

Doing great.

Thanks for having me.

Thanks for hopping on.

I have you.

Great to meet.

I enjoyed your podcast with Dylan earlier today.

and I wanted to dig further into the actual merger.

I mean, it seems like we're sort of done now.

But how is the process of covering this been for you?

What were the key turning points?

Like, what was most exciting for you?

Well, I'm learning a lot.

Certainly didn't know what a ticking fee was

until covering this deal.

Learning a lot about the debt market.

Learning a lot about the contours of raising money

in the Middle East.

All sorts of fun things.

But yeah, it's, I mean, it's been a wild moment in Hollywood for the past five years, basically.

It's a time of tremendous change, tremendous disruption.

A lot of people are really scared and don't know what's going to happen.

So it's, I mean, it's been, it's been interesting for sure.

Is that just a combination of like COVID plus streaming, plus.

plus consolidation, plus AI?

Or is there, like, one story that sticks out to you?

You can throw in a pretty crippling labor strike in the middle of that.

And it's been one thing after another, about five years ago, the end of the peak TV era, the Netflix correction, where the market decided that Netflix had to make money.

Streaming subscribers was not the end-all, be-all.

that created an absolute correction.

And pretty much, I would call it a content recession within Hollywood.

And that's trickled down throughout the industry.

Fewer jobs, fewer productions.

You add that in with the flight of productions overseas.

Everything from the strike that happened in 2023,

which gave these companies an excuse to really reevaluate the level of production.

Throw in the L.A. fires that disrupted

so many different people.

And it's, you know, you guys are in L.A.

It's a really interesting

and for many people's scary time.

Yeah. Explain the overseas thing

because I'm familiar with Atlanta

and I believe Toronto.

But are productions really moving

to other continents now?

Oh yeah. I mean, the UK

has been extremely aggressive.

They have, for many productions,

a 40% incentive.

And they're willing to give you incentives

on what's called above the line costs.

Those are the actor, director, writer.

Those are the main talents in the film.

That is a huge incentive

because it essentially subsidizes you

for Tom Cruise of the salary,

Ryan Gosling's salary.

And even in some of the more aggressive U.S. states,

you won't get that in California.

So, you know, it's a game changer.

When they are doing the line,

I just reported on this movie today,

Project Tail Mary,

an Amazon movie that's coming out in two weeks,

the gross budget for that movie is $248 million.

The actual net budget is a little under $200.

So you're saving 25% by shooting this movie overseas.

Interesting.

And do those come as like tax credits up front,

or is it more like a tax deduction on profits,

where if the movie costs $250 to make and it makes $500,

then I'm saving 25% or do I just get the money basically up front?

It's a rebate.

I'm actually not sure.

I think it depends on when you actually receive it.

Sure.

But it's a rebate for the qualified spend in the jurisdiction that is giving the incentive.

Yeah.

So if you are going to get an incentive from the UK, you actually have to have the work done

in the UK.

And that means hiring local crews.

It means using a soundstage in the UK.

Yeah.

And having the production actually shoot there.

And you could have films with multiple incentives from multiple jurisdictions for multiple aspects of the production, everything from the post-production to visual effects.

Those that can be subject to incentives for doing the work in a particular jurisdiction.

Really quickly, I think we have the wrong mic selected.

Would you mind adjusting it?

Because I think we're on your laptop, Mike.

And I'd love to get that sure SM7B working because I know.

know it has higher audio quality if you can switch it. And while you look at that, I will tell the

audience about Shopify. Shopify is the commerce platform that grows with your business and lets you

sell in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social, on marketplaces, and now with AI agents.

How are we doing? There. Is that better? No.

No. Almost. Almost. All better.

How about same as...

Any luck?

How about this?

Is this better?

Oh, that's much better.

There we go.

There we go.

I do.

You have sound effects.

I'm very jealous.

Yes, yes.

Some of these are not sound effects on a soundboard.

Some of these are real folks in the studio clapping with their hands.

We have both.

I can't be trusted with an air horn.

Yeah, yeah, we had a lot of fun.

So talk about the reaction.

I know that we talked to Ashley Vance, who's a documentary filmmaker, and he was voicing a little

bit of worry that if Netflix acquired Warner Brothers Discovery, that there would be one less buyer.

And is this any better for the average filmmaker who wants to go out and get the best price

for their product, for the film that they've been working on? Are we still telling the same

consolidation narrative, or is this somehow structurally a little bit different?

It depends who you talk to, but I would argue that this is actually worse for creatives,

because this is the actual smushing together of two legacy studios.

When you talked about Netflix buying Warner Brothers,

Netflix is not in the theatrical movie distribution business currently.

They do not do movie theaters.

So there was a certain class of movie that was going to remain a Warner Brothers movie.

Now, Netflix makes a lot of movies on its own, but those are often smaller.

They don't have as much ambition as the big theatrical movies.

they do some of those too.

But Netflix was at least positioning it

as we are going to leave Warner Brothers alone.

They also were not in the production business in television

for other buyers.

Everything that Netflix made was for Netflix,

whereas Warner Brothers makes shows for its own platform, HBO Max,

but also for Apple and for Netflix

and for many other different platforms.

So they claimed that that would be at least another opportunity for buyers.

Here, with Paramount Buyers,

Warner Brothers. This is going to be the combination of two television studios, the combination of two

film studios, and ultimately down the line, that is going to mean fewer jobs. Now, if you talk to

the Paramount people, they say they are committed to making 15 movies, four theaters for each Warner

Brothers and Paramount. That's 30 movies a year, which would be an escalation for both of those

companies. So they're saying they're going to be more. But the history of the movie business has

shown that when two studios merge, ultimately the output is reduced. And that trickles down to

creators. What do you think about Netflix's future theatrical plans? Ted Serendos was talking about

the future of movie theaters, painting a more optimistic vision. Do you think any of that sticks?

He's got $2.8 billion burning a hole in the pocket. Yeah. I mean, I don't think Ted is going to use

that $2.8 billion to all of a sudden make movies for theater.

I just don't think so. I think it's going to be a continuation of their current model,

which in many ways is designed to put the theaters out of business. It's designed to give you

first-run A-List filmmaker, A-List star movies at home. Even 10 years ago, a movie like The Rip

with Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, that would have had a nice, robust theatrical run before

hitting home video. Not true with Netflix. Now what Ted is saying is that they have had

some constructive stunt experiences with theaters lately.

They put K-pop demon hunters in theaters.

They've done a couple of other things.

They did stranger things in theaters.

And I could see Netflix doing more of that using theaters essentially as a marketing device

for Netflix.

But I don't see Ted all of a sudden saying, oh, through this process of looking at Warner

Brothers, we have determined that the theatrical model is a good one.

And we're going to all of a sudden give our movies a 45-day theatrical window.

Don't think that's happening.

And do you think, how much of that do you think is Netflix just, well, if we have a crown jewel

asset, we want people to go subscribe to Netflix and see it there first versus a lot of times

they don't know what's actually going to work.

And the beauty of the Netflix model is they can stuff something like K-pop demon hunters

on there.

It can effectively go viral in their algorithm.

And they don't need to do the billboard campaign, the theatrical rollout, and take,

take all that risk. So focusing more on like downstream, we got something that's already working.

Let's make a musical sing-along version or a promotional version for theater.

That is absolutely the benefit. And Sarandos has said multiple times that the best marketing

platform for Netflix content is Netflix. Now, I recently had the head of Sony Pictures on the town.

And he, I think correctly said, you do not make stars on Netflix. You do not make franchises that

lasts for decades on Netflix.

And the way you do that is in movie theaters with a big, robust marketing campaign that

tells the world about the product so that even if you don't see the movie, you're at least

aware of it.

So that when a sequel comes out in four years, maybe you see that one.

But if a sequel to a Netflix movie comes out, nobody except the people on Netflix know

about it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I saw Ryan Gosling on the Hail Mary Billboard and I was like, oh, like, we're going to

We should go see that.

And somebody was like, well, what is it?

And I was like, it's a Ryan Gosling movie.

Right.

What else do you have?

And that's a perfect example.

I mean, Amazon had the choice whether to make movies just for Prime Video or to do theaters.

They are going big on theaters this year with a full slate of theatrical releases.

And they and many others in town believe that the best way to create movie franchises and to create demand is to first put the movie in theater and then debut it on the service.

Yeah, it's interesting. It reminds me of like an apparel brand doing pop-ups, specifically, not as like a real revenue driver, but to just deepen relationship with their...

Now, don't get me wrong. These traditional studios, they need these movies to make money in theaters. That's their whole business. And the reason you are spending $50 to $100 million on a marketing campaign globally is to generate profitability in theaters. And then you get the waterfall, we call it in Hollywood. The water.

of revenue that first you go to premium video on demand, then you go to subscription video,

then you go to TV, then you go to free TV, then all of a sudden you're syndicating the

content all around the world and it's in your library forever. The reason why Warner Brothers is

going for $11 billion is not because they had a nice run in theaters last year or because

HBO has had some hits lately. It's because they have a 100-year-old library of films

that is incredibly valuable to exploit across all platforms

and because HBO has an amazing brand.

Yeah.

So talk about content licensing at the new entity,

the combined entity.

It feels like with $79 billion of debt,

cash flow is going to be important in the short term.

What's the probability that we're watching Sopranos on Netflix

or watching something from the catalog on Netflix in the next couple of years?

It's funny because Sopranos has been the one title that Netflix has not gotten.

And HBO has kept that.

Not the one, but the one big one that everyone's waiting for.

And the debt issue is not new.

The Warner Brothers Discovery transaction, putting those two companies together,

that created $50-something billion in debt.

And they needed to make money fast.

And the past three years have largely been about servicing that debt and bringing it down.

So you've seen tons of Warner Brothers shows and movies on Netflix.

And they do it because they have to.

I mean, at one point last year, I looked on the Netflix top 10, and six, I believe, of the 10 movies in the top 10 were Warner Brothers titles.

And they do it because they need the money.

I mean, we know Sony Pictures just did a re-up of their pay one deal.

We call it pay one because it's the first pay platform for subscription viewing of these movies.

They got $7 billion out of Netflix over a long period and globally, but that is for the first.

run, pay one window for Sony Pictures movies to go to Netflix.

Incredibly lucrative.

That's what Netflix was buying when they wanted to buy Warner Brothers.

So Sony and Netflix already have this relationship.

Is there any chance that Sarandos go shopping with this $2.8 billion bonus

and all the cash flow that he has?

He's sort of, you know, kick the tires on one big deal.

Is Sony Pictures in play at any point in time?

The Sony Corporation in Japan has said that they are not.

not interested in selling Sony pictures. It would seem to be the obvious choice because Sony is

the one Hollywood studio, the traditional studio that does not have a general interest streaming

platform. They chose not to enter the streaming wars. And that would make it an attractive buy

for Netflix because Netflix doesn't need a global streaming service. They already have one.

They could pick off the Spider-Man franchise. They could pick off all the production and

distribution capabilities that Sony has for theaters would seem to make sense for Netflix,

but there has been no indication that Japan is willing to sell.

Yeah.

Is any part of the Ellison's strategy, does AI kind of factor in at all?

I've had this kind of loose theory that this, this IP, Warner Brothers IP could potentially

be more valuable as AI gets better.

because you can create so many different variations on top of that IP.

But it's also unique.

It's not replicable.

That's it.

That's it.

It's like you have a monopoly on the IP.

And if it becomes substantially less expensive to create new film and television, you know,

TV shows, movies, et cetera, maybe the IP is more valuable.

But what's your take?

Yeah.

I have always thought that one of the reasons why Netflix wanted Warner's was because they saw

what's going on with YouTube and the volume of content that YouTube is soon going to be able to

host and eventually create themselves. And Netflix is saying themselves, okay, so if anything is

possible in streaming, and with AI, you can create AI generated shows, music, content, movie stars,

whatever, what are we doing? What do we have that is defensible here? And they're looking at Warner's

And they're saying, okay, well, we don't have a Batman.

We don't have Harry Potter.

We don't have, you know, this 100-year-old library of known quantities that cannot be replicated

by AI, at least not yet.

So we need that.

And Netflix has had a hard time creating franchises.

If you can count on one hand, the Netflix franchises, the things that they own that are meaningful

in the world, stranger things they own.

Wednesday, they don't own.

Amazon actually owns the Adams family because they bought MGM.

There are not that many franchises.

You guys probably don't even know what they are.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, it's fascinating.

Can you take us on a tour of who is actually involved financially in this deal?

You mentioned that it was sort of like a whirlwind tour in the Middle East,

a lot of different funds coming in.

I imagine that it's some overlap with the tech investors that we typically talk about in this show.

There are.

Yeah.

Apollo is in this.

Yeah.

I believe Blackstone is, I'm not 100%.

There are three big PE firms that are providing a lot of the debt financing here.

And then there is an interesting question of whether the Middle East money that was initially floated as being part of this deal is still in there.

There was a Saudi fund.

There were Qataris.

There was one other fund.

And they were not in the press release.

Okay.

So I actually need to ask Jerry Cardinali of Redbird whether they are still in this deal.

Sure.

Because Redbird has been kind of the big financial backer and consultant on raising this bid together.

And obviously, Larry is backstopping the whole thing.

We would not be having this conversation about a company with a $15 billion market cap,

which is Paramount Skydance, acquiring a company like Warner Discovery,

in $11 billion deal, if not for the backstopping of Larry Ellison himself.

And that was the key factor.

He didn't want to personally backstop it.

And then once he did, the levers started moving.

Yeah, what is Larry Ellison's history with investments in Hollywood?

I know it's not just David that's been involved.

He's invested before.

Obviously, David has almost multi-decade career at this point.

what's been Larry's strategy?

What can we learn from his past adventures in Hollywood?

It's a good question because people think this is out of nowhere.

And it's all of a sudden Larry Ellison deciding to dip his toe into Hollywood,

although if you can call over $100 billion dipping your toe.

He's dipping the big toe.

Right.

But Megan Ellison, David's sister,

she had a very artistically successful production company called Annapurna,

which she still has.

But there was a period in the 2010s when she was the dominant producer of so-called art house and, you know, independently financed, autur-driven movies.

And she actually got two Oscar nominations in the same year for herself for Best Picture when she had, I believe it was her and the master in the same year.

And she's done, I mean, she's done a ton of movies with big-time, autort-driven film.

and then the wheels came off.

She just lost too much money.

And Larry basically had an intervention with her and said, the money's not coming in anymore.

You're done.

I'm not doing this anymore.

And he had his people step in.

They pulled way back.

They downscaled the company.

And Anna Pernas still exists.

They had a big Sundance movie this year directed by Olivia Wilde and starring Seth Rogen.

But they're not doing a whole lot.

So if we learn from this, it's that Larry is happy to indulge his children, but there is a limit on what he's willing to do.

And she hit that limit.

We'll see what happens with David.

Yeah, is, sorry, Jordan, you can go.

If you.

Just, I'm curious if, I mean, it sounds like Annapurna had a very different, just financial underwriting strategy in the sense that Warner Brothers is very much like this basket of assets.

are so proven. Yes, it's high leverage. Yes, it's expensive, but it's this mortgage on land

that if you pay the bills on time, you will get the value of because there's this catalog

value that you can license. You can continue to merchandise these assets. So it feels like a different

financial strategy. Absolutely. I mean, there are not a lot of legacy studios with 100-year-old

libraries sitting around. It is a pretty unique asset, whereas Anna Perna,

was creating its library from the ground up,

which is a much more difficult business.

The corners of Hollywood are littered with the corpses of companies

that try to take on the studios and do this on their own

because you have to have that 100-year-old asset

to float you when you have bombs.

Because this is a portfolio business in the sense that if you release 20 movies,

10 of them probably not going to make money if you're lucky.

And you've got to make a lot of money on the ones that do make money, and those will make money forever.

Can you bridge that to A24?

We're more familiar with that because there's some tech investors involved.

I personally like a lot of the movies.

But what is the strategy of A24?

How do they fit into the modern Hollywood landscape?

824 has been incredibly successful on the low-budget model.

They are one of the few film studios that have created a brand for themselves.

I would argue that the A-24 brand is more meaningful to moviegoers than the Warner Brothers brand.

I mean, everybody knows what Warner Brothers is, but what does Warner Brothers stand for?

What is that brand?

You don't really know, and you never had to know because that was just the, it wasn't a direct-to-consumer business.

They put their movies on other branded platforms, whether they are theaters or whether they were television or now streaming.

on HBO Max.

But 824 has created a brand.

They sell branded candles and hats

and things that are meaningful to their fans.

But they succeeded on betting small

on specific autotour filmmakers, and they had a nice run.

They also raised a bunch of money, as you mentioned,

and they have recapitalized a couple times now.

And because they got,

I believe it was a $3.5 billion valuation a couple years ago.

They have essentially now been forced to go bigger.

And they are releasing movies.

Marty Supreme costs $70 million.

The Smashing Machine with the Rock.

That also cost a lot more than their typical A-24 movie.

And they're still buying the small movies at festivals and releasing smaller movies.

But they now have more of a portfolio of bigger-budgeted,

movies and the jury's out on whether that model is going to be successful for them because, again,

once there's many companies that have had small level success in Hollywood and when they try to

scale up and compete more directly with the traditional studios, they've faltered. And we'll see if

824 is able to pull it up. They got really smart people there. So I would hope so.

What is actually, what is Hollywood actually doing with AI today? Not like what do they want to do,

not what are Silicon Valley companies pitching them on doing,

but how is it actually being used today?

There's two answers to that question

because there's one in the general,

what is AI doing for all businesses?

And that is, you know, streamlining processes

and, you know, creating faster workflows.

That's all the boring aspect.

What you're probably asking about is how is Hollywood using AI

to create content?

Instead of, in place of a camera is...

Right, exactly.

And there it has been much more limited.

The toe is in the water, and each of these companies has an initiative to incorporate more AI specifically and more aggressively in the animation divisions.

The goal is to bring down the cost of animated movies significantly.

And you do that by using AI to automate a lot of different functions.

And they're being coy about exactly how, but I have heard like the storyboarding process.

and the physical production of the animated images,

once the artists have done their work

to create the character design and the movements they want,

AI can be used to essentially effectuate a shot.

And you're seeing more and more of that.

Where they're treading a little bit more cautiously

is where the traditional labor unions are involved,

where actors and directors and writers are involved.

You're not seeing some.

studios green lighting scripts that are written by AI. You're just not. Screenwriters are using AI as a tool.

That they know of. That they know of. Sure. But they are screenwriters are using AI as a tool. And they will

freely admit that, much like they were very happy to use Google when it first came about. And they

didn't have to have a researcher that would go to a library and tell them what the interior of the FBI

looked like. They don't have to do that anymore. And with AI, they can create scenarios or

create drafts or create things that they, that will help them.

And all that the guilds want is for their members to get paid.

So the studios are not allowed to buy a script or greenlight a script without paying a human

writer.

And that's a big deal.

It's the same for actors.

You can use AI to accentuate or to, you know, do a quick reshoot shot, but you have to pay the

people involved.

And we're headed into a new labor negotiation where the studios will try to chip away at that.

And the guilds are going to try to be more aggressive and make sure that their members are getting paid for any use of AI here.

Where do you think AI?

What kind of scenes do you think AI will end up coming for first?

Is it the...

Animation.

Well, animation, but then what about stuntmen?

I feel like there's a...

Transformers-level CGI where it's so expensive.

visual effects.

Visual effects.

Do you think that the dynamic

between the studios and the guilds

could allow kind of like

an entirely alternate

kind of like industry

to form that is sort of broken away

from traditional Hollywood norms?

Like you could imagine a group of people

and you know

some suburb of L.A. that aren't a part

of the guilds that have never

engaged with the unions in any capacity

just aside, we're going to start making movies ourselves and kind of just ignore the legacy

processes. I think that's already happening, right? I mean, you see it. But the difference is,

I mean, we all went nuts over that seed dance video of Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise fighting. But that's

because it was Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise. If it was two dudes fighting, nobody would care. If it was two

AI generated dudes that did not look like Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise. And that's, and that's, and that's,

That's the power that the Hollywood people have.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, there's going to be, I think what's going to happen is there is going to be a class

system of AI generated content that will live and have an audience and generate revenue at scale,

but it will be perceived as lesser than the more professional and union-supported Hollywood-style work.

And I could be wrong about that.

It could just bowl over everything.

but there's still value in Ryan Gosling's face.

And for now, the unions and the Hollywood studios

have been able to protect that from AI.

Yeah, you can imagine the luxury houses

versus fast fashion, like a similar dynamic playing out

where, like, yeah, you can get a jacket

that like functions in the same way

as something that Gucci made.

Maybe it's the same even material,

but it costs less and it has obviously much less.

prestige. And I think that there will be a middle ground, too, where movies, the cost of movies

is brought down because of advances in AI where things can be done without outsourcing something

to five artists to work on at a visual effects company for two months. It could be done in-house

for less money with an AI tool. I think that's already happening. And there are much lesser

Guild protections for that aspect of the business.

Post the OpenAI Disney deal, I was expecting to see another deal of the similar shape

happen.

It hasn't happened yet.

Are you hearing rumors?

Do you think other studios with big intellectual property and character libraries will

take a similar approach?

I think that there are a lot of talks going on.

Yeah.

And they're trying to figure it out.

Disney was in an interesting spot there because it was, that deal with OpenAI was as much about putting pressure on Google to come to the table and to not go rogue as Google has been doing.

Sure.

As it was to do Open AI.

Got it.

Also, there was a preexisting relationship there.

Bob Iger, the CEO was, he worked for Thrive, which, you know, is a big investor in Open AI.

And Disney is, you know, if you're going to go after one company,

that's the one to go after because they have the best characters.

And if you know about that deal,

that deal does not include any voices

or any likenesses of real people.

Even though Luke Skywalker is the animated Luke Skywalker.

So it's a lot less compelling for people to play around with.

If you're playing around with Lightning McQueen or Yoda

and they don't sound like Lightning McQueen or Yoda,

it's a lot less compelling than if they did.

Interesting.

Yeah, that'll be interesting to see how they roll that out.

maybe that happens down the

road.

Jordan, anything else?

This was great.

Thank you so much for taking the time.

Great to finally meet.

Great to finally meet.

Come on anytime.

Come on in, fantastic report.

And come in person next time.

Yeah, we'd love to have you here since we're all in the way.

We'll talk to you soon.

You can listen on the town or you can read me at Puck.

Yes.

Thank you.

Thank you so much for hopping on the show.

We will talk to you soon.

Goodbye.

Want to change the world?

Raise Capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

And let me tell you.

about Plaid. Plaid powers the apps you use to spend, save borrow, and invest securely connecting bank

accounts to move money, fight fraud, and improve lending now with AI. And Kristen Kyle has a post here.

Credit where credit is due, China really nailed the Bonneville and aesthetic with their Antarctic

research base, Quinling, Chinling. Okay, these are just renders. These are renders. This is what

they're thinking about building. Because if it was real, I'd be telling Tyler to get a boat immediately.

Tyler was in Arizona over the weekend and sent us a very cool picture of him out at TSMC.

Yeah, give us a review. Did you feel the power? Did it feel like visiting Iraqis?

Yeah, it was like 91 degrees.

Extremely hot. It was massive, massive facility. They're still building. There's like, there were two

kind of main sections. I couldn't actually tell like what parts they were. There were signs.

There were a bunch of fabs. I think I took a picture next to like Fab 21 or something.

Wow.

But there's like, there's so much building going on.

And it's just like, it's basically north of Phoenix.

Yeah.

And so there's like 10 mile radius where it's just like basically just empty land.

They're flattening the desert.

Whoa.

But yeah, very, very cool.

Gifts shop?

Any gift shop?

No, they didn't let us in.

There's like a ton of security around.

At every gate, I wanted to like go in and like take a tour or something.

I want to get a wafer that didn't make it through quality control.

and get some of the chip, the chip CEOs to sign those.

I think Elisa Sue signed TSM Waifer would be amazing.

Or Morris Chang signed Waifer.

That would go pretty hard.

I would love that.

Love it.

Moving on.

The, what is it?

The billionaire tax has gone national.

It's gone national.

Bernie Sanders is proposing bringing it to the United States broadly at the federal level.

bad news for everyone who migrated to Miami or Florida because it is going to follow you wherever

you go. Rocana and Bernie Sanders are proposing a national wealth tax on billionaires going even

further than California. They want five percent unrealized wealth tax to be annual. Every year.

Every year. That would be serious capital. And I've seen some people running the numbers on like,

oh, if Jeff Bay, if this tax had been in place since 1999, Jeff Bezos would still be

worth 61 billion and he could still afford his $500 million mega yacht, just like not actually

like processing all the negative externalities of something like this.

So yeah, I just turns Amazon into like a core, like a P.E. backed like shell pretty quickly

because you lose control, right? Yeah, that or Amazon never even gets the,

the level of investment that it got because of capital flight. I would be so much more

sympathetic to Roecona and Bernie Sanders on this. If they had like, here's five case studies

where wealth taxes worked. And like they can't come up with a single one. Yeah. And so it just feels like

50% over 10 years. That is a lot. But the implementation of this tax would ultimately create

wealth flights as Chris with Wethins. The wealthy are wealthy because they fight to preserve their

wealth. So in year one, the base is already decimated. Then every single year afterwards,

the remaining billionaires leave or hide their assets. Meanwhile, the markets are all declining

all this time because they see that America has been infiltrated by wealth-destroaring communist.

Chris is not a fan.

Dave Friedberg has a bunch of kind of good content around this, talking about how there's

something like $8 trillion of billionaire wealth and 160 to 170 of middle-class wealth. So that is

the real prize pool. And again, hopefully, hopefully our lawmakers and voters process how ridiculous

this is. Find another way. And reject it. Write the balance sheet of the U.S. government.

Graphite helps teams on get up, ship higher quality.

data, higher quality?

Cluso investment says,

her, the market is only down.

0.08% year to date.

Things must be really calm, right?

This is actually crazy.

If you asked me whether the market was

and I hadn't looked,

what is this from?

What movie is this AI or something?

This is the crazy scene.

I really like, this is a good meme template.

I haven't used this before.

Just RPGs flying around.

All out war.

It is all out war.

I mean, a lot of stocks are down, like 50%, other stuff's way up, things are all over the place,

and it has been absolute turmoil.

A lot of red days in our favorite companies.

Is it from Maze Runner?

Oh, maybe, Maze Runner.

I don't know.

Okay.

GoPro is one of the stocks that is particularly far down.

We did a deep dive on GoPro very early in this show's history.

They are now at a $150 million market cap.

Josh Wolf has a quote here.

GoPro's global market share of action cameras dropped to 18% as of September 2025,

compared with 84% in 2022, according to Beijing-based consultancy, Meritigo Services.

At the same time, DJI share rose to 66% and Insta 360 is up at 13%.

Yeah, so...

Just out-executed on the product side, but cell phones are probably even a bigger factor here,

kind of capping the overall TAM cell phones at some point just got really durable and the video

quality got really good. I remember back in the day skiing or snowboarding, I was a little bit more

hesitant to be like, I'm going to take my iPhone out and use it while skiing and just because it

wasn't like waterproof and then they got waterproof, they got really durable and most people

aren't good enough at what they do to actually warrant needy

like a, you know, effectively bulletproof device.

The dust collection problem is very real with action cameras.

You buy it thinking you're going to be doing,

you're going to be shredding, going downhill, you're going to be surfing,

and then you go for a hike once.

The video is kind of underwhelming, and then it collects dust.

Skiing this weekend, a friend of mine,

I didn't see any Gopros among my friend group.

One friend of mine was wearing the Meadow Rayband Vanguards

and enjoyed taking videos and images with those.

I've been seeing a lot of meta,

meta rayband content on Reels.

It feels like they're promoting that.

They have a little tag,

and it feels like that's getting a little boost in the algorithm.

So if you're Reels creator, maybe go pick up a pair

and then post some stuff on the algorithm

because you might get a little boost.

But should meta buy GoPro?

150?

It's like, what, one tenth of an AI researcher,

and you get a whole suite of a little bit of a good one-a-euvre

products and I just have no idea if they would get anything through approval. Like it just feels

like this is a company that you can't do a zombie acquisition with because you need the assets,

you need the IP, you need the supply chain, you need the products, the distribution, you need

the whole company. And Meta can't acquire like a VR fitness company without getting

disapproved. Granted, it's a different FTC, so who knows, but if you were Mark Zuckerberg

and you were trying to get into the action camera market broadly with meta raybans,

would you buy GoPro for 150?

Absolutely not.

Absolutely not.

You partner with Oakley.

Partner with Oakley?

It's a better, it does exactly.

It's just the future.

Yeah, it's just they made a pair of Oakley's, the action sunglasses that function

just as well as a GoPro for 99% of people.

Yeah.

And it's integrated with your phone.

Yep.

and you can watch Instagram rails while you're back flipping off of in the terrain park.

But the crazy thing, GoPro still did somewhere around 670 million of revenue last year,

so trading at less than a quarter times revenue.

But absolutely brutal out there.

Some other people were suggesting like a foundation model lab should acquire the company for like,

and that felt like a...

It feels like a stretch.

A silly, silly idea.

Dumer says the past looks more like the future than the present does.

Let's pull up, let's pull up this.

What is this?

PM's Phoenix, an expandable van you can build for $2,000.

This is sick?

What company is this?

PM's, how old is this?

Is this AI generator or something?

this looks like incredible.

Most companies, most campers and vans these days

that are roomy enough to live in

are too large for comfortable driving.

Conversely, the compact, fun, driveable rigs

are usually too small to live in.

And no matter what its size,

the seller will probably want all the money you have now,

plus most of what you'll make in the next five years.

This is a good copy.

So this was in popular mechanics in 1978.

This is a good daily.

Someone should pick it.

on a Volkswagen minibus chassis.

I like that they restyled the front cab as well.

Someone's mentioning that the cyber truck camper back end looks pretty similar.

But it still feels odd to take an electric vehicle into the wilderness.

I don't know why, because it's not like you're bringing a bunch of,

there's a gas station out in the middle of nowhere,

but this would give me range anxiety,

even though I think that's deeply fake at this point.

New model alert.

New model alert.

What we got?

Introducing Logan's introducing Gemini 3.1 flashlight,

a huge step forward on the boundary of intelligence,

beating 2.5 flash on many tasks.

Tyler, you should try to do a speed check.

Open AI also came out this morning with 5.3 instant.

Okay.

touting increased accuracy.

Is this in chat GPD?

Because I feel like I've had 5.3 in codex, but not in,

but not, oh, I got, yeah, I have 5.3 instant in chat GPD.com now.

Interesting.

I do not yet.

Very cool.

And then they're also teasing 5.4.

They say 5.4 sooner than you think.

So.

Let's see.

5.3. It's designed for very, very low latency. It still feels slower than the cerebris

response that I got from 5.3 Spark, because I think that the cerebris chips, although they are

faster, they're probably in more limited supply, more relevant to the long-running coding agent

models. And so they are still rolling that out, but I'm excited for cerebris in checking

GPD as a product. And yeah, 5.4 sooner than you think with a capital T. Very fun. Interesting.

No matter where your idea starts, Figma may clog code codec or a sketch, the Figma canvas is where ideas connect and products take shape.

Cal she partner with Bezell.

Oh, yeah.

To allow people to trade price movements of iconic watches.

So we can pull up this video here.

This basically allows you to trade on what the prices of Rolex is for the month of March.

Basically, is price going to move up or down?

So Quaid over at Bezell has been telling us about this one.

So you could, in theory, buy a watch on Bezal and then take out a short position on Kalshi and have a market neutral submariner or something, right?

Because if the price goes up, you own the watch.

It's a market neutral sub. It's market neutral.

Because if the market crashes, you make money on Kalshi, but you lost money on the watch and you're neutral.

You can hedge yourself now. That's very bizarre.

Yeah, I saw somebody pushing back and being like, oh, you can, this is silly.

you could just buy the watches and actually trade them, but obviously it's quite a bit more complicated.

Well, you can't sell one that you don't have. Now you can short watches effectively.

True.

I get access to over one billion daily active users and grow your business today.


---


And I believe we have Ken Burns in the Restream waiting room.

So we will bring him into the TBPN Ultram.

What's going on.

Ken, thank you.

so much for taking the time to join us today. How are you doing? My pleasure. I'm great.

Great to be with you. I would love to start with the first project you worked on ever, because

I'm fascinated. Your career has such clarity, but finding a life's work is often the hardest

part of going on the type of journey that you've been on. And I'd love to understand

who you were as a child, where you found.

a love for filmmaking, for documentary work, for history, and sort of go through from there.

Well, it was born in tragedy. My mom had cancer almost all of my life and I died when I was 11.

And a few months later, when I was 12, my dad, who had a pretty strict curfew, would allow me to

stay up late at night on watching TV shows, even on a school night. And he started to cry at an old

movie called Odd Man Out. And right then and there, I'd never seen him.

cry before, not when my mom was sick or not, you know, when she was, when she died and not at the

terribly sad funeral. And all of a sudden I said, I want to be a filmmaker. That meant

Hollywood, but I ended up going to Hampshire College in Amherst, Massachusetts, of brand new

and experimenting, still there are still experimenting. School and most of the teachers were social

documentary, still photographers, and reminded me there is as much drama in what is and what's

was. And all of that sort of combined by age 22 to realize that I had a latent and untrained

interest all of my life in American history and 50 years later, I'm still doing the same thing.

Walk me through your process. Do you have a list? Has your filmography played out the way you would

have predicted a decade ago? How many twists and turns have you run into in your career?

Zero. I mean, obviously life throws a lot of stuff at you. I live in rural New Hampshire. That's what

I made a decision to leave New York City because I thought that becoming a documentary filmmaker

Strike 1 in American History Strike 2 on PBS, Strike 3, meant I'd taken a vow of anonymity and poverty.

And I moved up here, finished the first film on the Brooklyn Bridge, got nominated for an Academy Award, and everybody said, you're coming back.

They'd warned me that if I went up there, I'd die.

If I stayed, I would die, and I listened to neither.

And it's made all the difference.

So I've been able to, working in public broadcasting, where I couldn't have made any other films, any of the films any place, but one foot tentatively in the marketplace, the other, very proudly out, that I've been able to have directors cut for the next 40 films, all of which have been broadcast first on PBS, streamed on PBS. So it's been good. So you might have a 10-year plan with lots of different projects. Sometimes you may, before you'd really gotten into something, switch one subject to another. But we've been hitting the.

marks for a pretty long time. The real struggles are within these and you want to leave the kind of

room to experiment, to be thrown a curve, and to figure out how to do it. The recent film on the

American Revolution, which now has over 4 billion minutes of watching, the first time PBS ever

entered the top 10 of streaming programs at the end of November with what I thought was a

ridiculous number, 565 million minutes, is now over 4,000.

billion. So there's some pent-up curiosity about who we are, where we've been, particularly what

our origin story is. So it's been a long, interesting thing, but every single one of the

films that director cut, and that's only possible because I've stayed in public broadcasting.

And then in public broadcasting, I imagine we were just talking about some of the changes

that are happening in Hollywood and how there's often a pressure to go bigger, and that usually

means bigger budgets. Okay, you made a $20 million film.

next one's going to be 70 million. How have you thought about where the business changes,

what more money means, what more success, what more confidence means? How is the business side

of your work evolved throughout your career? Well, we've tried not to let the technological

tail wag the dog to pick up one aspect of your excellent question. You know, we waited 10 more

years when many of my colleagues had already switched to digital editing around 1990, we waited until

2001.

We didn't stop film until 2009 and then switched to digital stuff because we didn't want that

tail to wag the dog.

At the same time, our model is, you know, an interesting one.

It's all grant funded.

We don't have investors.

So you write a budget.

It pays for your salary.

There's no profit margin.

There's no contingency.

And you empty that bucket.

The film's either got to be done or you've got to be raising more money.

So they're very expensive.

These are labor-intensive things, particularly when you take 10 years to do something like

the Vietnam War or this American Revolution.

So they're pushing $30 million.

At the same time, I raise it all, so I retain that creative control.

And I relieve PBS of the burden of having to fund more of it than they already do.

And so it's kind of a good situation to be in.

And it's really outside of the pressures of the marketplace.

So I don't think about increasing budgets.

I can go from a $30 million budget to $10 million.

And I'm still, these budgets are high for my contemporaries, but they don't get to spend.

And look, I could have gone.

How much?

They myself all the trouble of raising, say, $30 million for the Vietnam series that came out in 2017, 10 and a half years.

I spent 10 of those 10 and a half years raising money for it.

I could have gone into a streaming service or.

premium cable and gotten all that money in one pitch, but they wouldn't have given me 10

and a half years.

And that's the point.

I can't tell the story that I want to tell with the depth and complexity.

I mean, that film is now, let's do the math, that is nine years old.

And it is still probably one-stop shopping, even among scholarly works, to aggregate all of

the new scholarship into one place.

And nothing certainly replaced it in film.

And nothing that I know has replaced it in scholarship.

So we're feeling pretty good about that.

That's great.

As fundraising gotten any easier, is it just as hard every time?

Did you ever kind of hit a moment where you decided to maybe pick up, return the calls from people that wanted to be more traditional financial backers in a particular?

No, no, because the sacrifice in control is it.

You know, so we, as the films got longer, you know, in the beginning, the first film on the Brooklyn Bridge, because $180,000, I probably made two cents an hour over the five years.

I did it.

So there are more zeros on the other side, so I guess it's proportionally harder.

I do have a good reputation when I wish to maintain.

And so we're not looking for compromises or ways to sort of get that cash in hand.

You sort of part of the duty of running the marathon is to run the marathon.

And the reward is in not only crossing the finish line, but every single moment along the way, the million steps that you take where one part of you is saying no and another part maybe weak voice is saying yes.

And so these are often really complex struggles in which the analogy of a million problems is not an exaggeration.

You just can't see a problem as pejorative.

You just see it as inevitable friction to be overcome, like picking up that step and making it.

another step. After the adoption of digital editing, what was the next technological advance that you

found useful? I don't know. I'm a leadite. I don't know what I'm doing on your show,

but I'm really glad you reduced it to initials because, you know, what is, there's nothing,

people say PBS, nothing could be less, you know, sexy than that, but technology,

business programming network.

I mean,

it's a KFC has

behind it Kentucky Fried Chicken.

You know I do all my life

for most of my life what it was.

Now it's KFC and I kind of,

but this is a really good move.

No, I went reluctantly to

digital editing because

during the 90s, a lot of the interns

that would come and work for us,

they could see working in analog

as some sort of badge.

But about halfway through the 90s,

I realize these kids want to be

race car drivers and I'm telling them

how to shoe a horse.

It just doesn't make any sense.

And so eventually, almost for them,

we switched to digital editing.

It's been incredibly interesting.

There are still some things, you know,

stuff I might tell my editor that I knew it would take two weeks,

now take, you know, two days and things that took two days,

take two hours and things that took two hours,

now take two minutes.

And you think there's salvation in that way,

running to daylight there,

but there are as many traps,

as many places of quicks,

And so you just want to be sort of careful about how you approach it.

What is your opinion on digital restoration of archival footage, archival imagery, technology seems to be advancing there?

And yet there's risk.

Yeah.

There are a lot of risks.

You know, a lot of filmmakers are going back to original film masters.

They are taking a digitized thing.

And one of the reasons why is that you may have a one and a zero, which is absolute in one way.

But as you change the programs, you need to have the machine that did the original thing.

And now they're not there.

They're in a museum someplace.

And you have to go get that thing and figure it out.

So I know some filmmakers that are, I can't do it just economy-wise because I've got 250 plus hours of programming.

And that's reels and reels every half hour is about a real, you know, of stuff.

You can do the math yourself.

There's probably, you know, 500 hours.

hour, 500 reels in all of this. So it's almost a prohibitive expense. And so you're hoping that

your next iteration of masters will be able to read not only the contemporary films that you're

working on, but the ones you made 20 years ago and updated. But the restoration part of it,

to be able to painstakingly do that sort of stuff, has been really terrific. Can you tell me the

story of the Ken Burns effect? Yeah, sure. It's pretty interesting. I got a call in November of

2002 from a guy claiming to be Steve Jobs.

You know, and I went, okay, yeah, right.

And then I realized very quickly it was Steve Jobs.

I live in rural New Hampshire.

I said, okay.

He said, would you come and visit me?

And I said, yeah.

So a few weeks later, in early December of 2002, I visited him in Cupertino at Apple

headquarters, and he ushered me into a room with two engineers, and he showed me

this stuff.

And as I said, if I'm a Luddite now, you can imagine what I was like in 2002.

You know, I could barely do word processing.

And he said, so look, we figured out a way to download or upload whatever it is, your pictures that you take, and that we can do all this.

And they showed it to me.

And I was kind of like, okay, a fairly superficial version of what I've tried to do to wake up the past, not just, you know, visually to explore energetically the surface of the, of the, of the, of the, of the.

of the photograph you're doing.

In a way, the feature filmmaker I used to want to be

has a master shot, a long shot, a medium shot,

a close, a tilt, a pan, a reveal, insert of details.

But here was just a very simple sort of panning, zooming through stuff.

You could add it, you press a button and add a music thing.

And I said, you know, okay, cool.

You know, whatever.

And he said, well, you know, next month in January of 2003,

every Mac computer from now on will have it.

I said, okay, cool.

And then he said, and we want to keep the working title.

And I said, what's that?

And he goes, the Ken Burns effect.

I said, I don't do commercial endorsements.

And he went, what?

And the two engineers kind of blanched.

I think they were, you know, aware of this titanic temper, which I never saw.

And he'd come with me.

So we go back to his office.

We talk for a while, and we end up becoming friends until the rest of his life.

And when I was in the valley, I'd stay at his house and the futon above the

garage and the clats at Palo Alto and knew his wife and his daughter. We even gave an internship

to his daughter Lisa, the famous Lisa. And, you know, it was a terrific friendship. But what I did is

I walked out an hour later with about a million dollars with of hardware and software, which I

turned around and gave to nonprofits. Usually final cut pro to schools that needed it, you know,

computers that nonprofits needed.

I think a couple fell off the truck because we needed a computer.

But 99.9% of it went to a good cause.

And I think he was intrigued that somebody in a world in which it was all a one or a zero for him,

or somebody would say, okay, I'm going to, you know, you should charge him.

And the world tells me, oh, you should have charged him for this.

And I said, then he'd call it the Pan and Zoom effect.

I wasn't interested in having my name on it insofar as it could help other stuff.

And it ended up, you know, giving me and I'm a weight.

too short in that regard, a really good friendship with, you know, not arguably one of the five

most important people in the United States in the last 150 years. That's remarkable. What is your

process for truth seeking and understanding history? So I have in my editing room, and I've had for

years and years and years, a lowercase neon sign that says it's complicated.

incursive.

And that can mean a lot of things.

One is when a filmmaker has a scene that's working, you don't want to touch it.

But finding out new and destabilizing facts

obligate you to do that.

It's not true of every place, but it does in our shop.

And so I think it's the pursuing truth isn't the question.

It's there.

You can find out the facts.

You just have to wade through a lot of shit.

Because today, everything is just dump-trop after dump-trap of

manure dumped on top of other manure. And it's just hard. It's one of the reasons why, mostly it's

to manage a complex narrative with lots of different balls in the air and hundreds of characters

in the case of the American Revolution, not just the bold-faced names who are, you know, just statues,

you know, out in the park collecting pigeon shit and not real dimensional complex human beings.

We try to do that, but introduce you to scores of other characters and set a narrative in motion

that's at its heart a military one, but it's also adorned with very complex political and social

and geopolitical and economic sort of factors.

And so that takes a while, but also making sure you're right.

I mean, we lock the film, meaning we're not going to do any more work on it.

We promise.

We promise the sound editors.

And we unlock it because we found out that word 16 battleships, deaths, months.

We've got a little footnote, and it says two scholars of a repute.

said that that, you know, making this up, said that that was right.

And then you find out a third scholar who says, we're not sure at 16.

So you scour the narrator's already read and gone home and you're not going to get them back.

So you scour all of the written stuff, you know, hours and hours of stuff, and you find it perhaps.

And you copy it and you move in front of perhaps 16.

And then you sleep better.

Like that's the kind of level of truth seeking, as you put it.

And I don't know any place else that kind of is that, that kind of concerned about that level of accuracy.

But if you add that up a billion times, then all of a sudden you have something, get ready to blow your whistles that has four billion plus minutes of watching.

That's amazing.

Another sound effect.

Thank you.

Can you help me understand some of the through lines, emotional elements.

or takeaways or the fingerprints that you try and leave on your work across the across projects,

not just within single projects.

That's a really wonderful.

Thank you.

That's a very thoughtful question.

When I was working trying to raise money and I looked like 12 years old and I was trying

to get people to buy the Brooklyn Bridge.

I remember writing a sentence is that I was not interested in the mere archaeology of dry

dates and facts and events.

I was interested in an emotional archaeology.

And now I didn't mean sentimentality or nostalgia.

That's the enemy of good anything.

But I'm looking for that thing that animates art, that animates faith, that animates a lot of the most intimate stuff that we care about.

And that's where you say the whole is greater than the sum of the parts.

But you never ask yourself, what's that difference?

Where one in one always in your work has to equal two.

In my work, you want it to equal three.

You want to have that unknown factor.

So I guess once when we were working on our jazz series,

trumpeter and composer, Winton Marcellus,

it's sometimes the thing and the opposite of a thing

are true at the same time. I'll relate it back to the revolution.

George Washington is the indispensable man.

Without him, we don't have a country, period, full stop.

And in a world in which we're more interested

in bottom up than top down, it's exhilarating

to be able to resurrect somebody.

But he's also deeply flawed.

He owns hundreds of human beings in his lifetime.

And as the writer Rick Atkinson says,

you know, you can't scorn.

square that circle. He is rash on the battlefield, risking his life and therefore the entire cause.

He also makes some pretty bad tactical mistakes at the largest battle, Long Island of the war,

and then later the same tactic leaving a flank exposed at Brandywine, which the British take

full example of. But, and this is the biggest but I know, he's able to hire subordinate

talent that's better than him, and he's not threatened by it. He's able to, he's able to

inspire men in the dead of night to fight and to remind them that they're not from New Hampshire

or Georgia, but they're a new thing, Americans.

He knows how to defer to Congress.

He has incredible humility.

And more than anything, he just weights it out.

He understands he doesn't have to win.

He just can't lose.

And he does that successfully and defeats the greatest empire on earth.

And even more than that, he gives up his power twice.

The second New York is the British Leave New York in November of 17.

1983, that is like eight and a half years after Lexington and conquered, he goes to Annapolis

where the Congress is meeting and resigns his military commission. He's brought back out of

retirement to run the Constitutional Convention and then is unanimously made president and after

two terms he walks away from it. And as Rich as George III, the King of England said,

if he did that, then he's truly the greatest character of the age. And so you can have both

and a problem in a binary world in both computers and media.

we want to have a black hat and a white ad. We want to say good or bad. And you can't do that in our own personal lives. And we ought to extend that to our history.

Yeah, the dialectic. I love it. Yeah.

You have been very fortunate in that it feels like there's no project too big for you to undertake. And I'm wondering if there's ever a desire, how you balance going big with a,

a massive story that everyone has at least some conception of versus going back to something like

the Brooklyn Bridge and refocusing on something very narrow. Is that something that appeals to you?

Do you feel like you've graduated, you've done that, you never want to go back? Or is there something?

Talk about the tension there? Yeah, well, that's another excellent question. I mean, within these big,

huge epic series are all the intimacies that were contained in the Brooklyn Bridge. And we do,

have a kind of exhalation. They're big series. We could just say Civil War,

baseball, jazz, World War II, National Parks, the Roosevelt's, Vietnam, country music,

and now American Revolution. But within them are, I think that's fewer than 10 films.

There are at least 30 plus films that are short of than that. And so they experiment more

with what you're talking about, that earlier experience. But again, the more important point

is that any given minute in a film, say a series, a lot of people would say, okay, you're the director,

but you'd assign a different producer for each of the, in the case of the Revolution, six episodes.

We don't do this. We all, we all do work on all of them, and they all are shaped. Same with the editors.

They cross episodes, and they do more than one. And so what happens is you have a kind of unity

of presentation, but within each scene, you have the same kinds of intimacies, the same kinds of small

moments that you would find in Brooklyn Bridge.

And you're also elevating not just George Washington to a more dynamic and complex and

understandable and real, truer, version of who he is, but you're introducing people to

scores of others that you've never heard of because I never heard of them.

You know, a 10-year-old girl named Betsy Ambler, who's a refugee, most of the war.

We don't think of Americans as being refugees unless you realize how bloody this was,

what a civil war as well as a revolution it was, what a global war.

and you're dealing that involves more than two dozen nations, European as well as Native American.

And when you say Native American, you don't say them.

There are all these nations to our West that are as distinct and separate, culturally, economically, diplomatically, militarily as France is from Prussia at that time.

And if you think you're going to just make it them and not say French, Prussian, you know, Delaware, Lenape, Cherokee, you've made a huge mistake and left out an important.

important dynamic or take half the population, women, and say, yeah, we don't really care about that,

or the 500,000, 20 plus percent of the population that is enslaved or free black Americans.

All of that makes an unbelievable dynamic.

And if you add the violence to something that we say is, you know, this sort of bloodless, gallant

myth that attends the revolution, just guys in Philadelphia thinking great thoughts, and they are

great thoughts, as great a thoughts has ever been thought.

but it ain't the whole story.

And when you try to integrate that whole story,

man, you start to have something that fires on all cylinders.

And, you know, that's what wakes me up every single morning of every day.

Yeah.

When I think about, like, what has changed in America throughout my life,

I go to Apple.

I go to technology.

I go to business.

And your work has focused, you know, you've obviously touched on business,

but you focused on politicians and generals and athletes and musicians and artists.

And I'm wondering about your perception of the business community,

the technologists over the history of America,

their interaction with your other subjects,

how you want to integrate them into the stories that you tell.

Well, you know, I've done four wars.

It seems disproportionate because they're all big, long series.

But wars are huge sponsors of,

technological change.

All you have to do, I made a film on the

Second World War called the War, and it

ends because of one of the greatest

technological changes that you

could possibly imagine. But the Civil War

happens because back in the

1700s,

an industrialist, Eli Whitney,

who will invent the kind of

exchangeable parts in the beginning of an

assembly line thing, goes down and sees

a cousin who's lamenting how long it takes

her enslaved people

to card a pound

of cotton, and he invents the cotton gin, which revitalizes cotton and slavery and

set in motion the wheels economically and technologically that will sponsor the civil war

that's upcoming.

So it's all the way through that and we're constantly thinking about and dealing with

those changes.

And, you know, one of the stuff in my head full of ideas, you know, if I were given a thousand

years to live, which I won't, I won't run out of topics in American history is invention

and technology.

And I'd start with, I'd start with Eli Whitney, you know, because there's a underbelly to it.

And I'd go to Steve Jobs because there's an underbelly to it.

You know, I got kids.

I am, you know, we're all addicted to this.

And, you know, I mean, my new statement is, and it's such a lot of statement.

I apologize in advance for offending your sensibilities.

But I say social media isn't.

Oh, yeah.

And artificial intelligence is.

Oh.

They're not social.

Yeah.

ever been in a room of people or a subway car or a block where everybody's on their phone.

That is not social.

And artificial is artificial, it is artificial.

Yeah, that makes all the sense.

I'm sure you get asked this question all the time, but walk me through some of the advice that you give for aspiring documentarians.

It's really so bad and platitudeness that I'm embarrassed almost to repeat it.

Because there's no laws.

And everybody I know that is a working document.

documentary filmmaker, meaning they don't have a side teaching gig, you know, to pay the bills

that are actually making, you know, living, supporting their families, have all come at it

at different ways. And so I realized that there's no set career path the way there might be for

a feature filmmaker or a doctor or a lawyer. And so what I tell them is, one is Socratic.

You've got to know yourself, right? Who am I? Film is intensely glamorous for teenagers and

at a college level, the first, you know, the introductory classes are jammed with people.

And then all of a sudden next year, it's pretty winnowed down.

And there ought to be a mechanism within us, this is the Socratic dimension that says,

you know what, I don't think I have something to say.

I thought this was going to be easier than it actually is.

I see how difficult it is.

And then the other one has to do with that difficulty, that there's way more talented people

than there are possibilities of making a film in this economy,

even with the explosion of documentary films now.

and some of it quite direct.

So obviously some of those people

who didn't deserve to get a budget, got one,

is that you have to persevere.

I mean, I used to keep on my desks,

two, three-ring binders

filled with hundreds of rejections

just for that first film on the Brooklyn Bridge,

just to remind me that it doesn't come easy.

And that was sitting juxtaposed

from a little thing on my door,

a quote from a theater,

I'm Presario in Minneapolis Globe Theater

named Tyrone Guthrie, said, we're looking for ideas large enough to be afraid of again.

Not a very good English sentence. But it just means just bite off more than you can chew and learn

how to chew. And a lot of that is what I try to impart when people ask me the questions. And I

warn them in advance that it's just going to sound like, I'm sure I've just described things that you

know about what you do. And I'm sure everybody who's listening knows, yeah, those kind of apply

to what I do. And so I think there's basically,

In his essay on self-reliance, Emerson says, do whatever inly rejoices.

You need to actually figure out what this thing is, that is you say I to, of which there are millions of eyes, and which one is the authentic, and how do you proceed to do whatever inly rejoices, as he said.

Is it refreshing to change centuries?

Do you think your life would be different?

Do you think the projects, the quality might suffer if you had at some point when you realized that this was going to be the career, you had started linearly and done American Revolution, Civil War, World War II, then Vietnam, and you just go year by year as opposed to bouncing around a little bit.

It's not even bouncing around because only in retrospect can you do that.

Yeah, exactly.

My best friend was a book salesman.

I was sick and he threw on my bed, a paperback, a trade.

paperback version of David McCullough's

the Great Bridge, the epic story of the building

of the bridge. I read it in one gulp.

I said, we're going to make a film about it.

And then, you know, we're thrashing about to what to do

and my future wife and I are driving through

Western Massachusetts and we pass a Shaker

village outside of Pittsfield, Massachusetts

with this beautiful round stone barn

slammed on the brakes and said, who are these people

who made these buildings? That was the second film.

Another guy was trying to convince me to do a film

on Huey Long, the turbulent southern demagogue.

And someone else said, boy, you know, you did a great film on the Brooklyn Bridge.

You know, the Statue of Liberty's 100th birthday is coming up.

Why don't you do something on that?

I said, yeah, but I'm not going to make your film.

And so, you know, if you give me the money, I'll do it.

But I'm not, you know, so Liberty Mutual, you know, insurance before they got the fucking

emu gave me money for the whole thing.

And I made a very complex film, which also got nominated for an Academy Award.

But each one of those first four films come from different things.

things and so you begin to sort of make choices so at any given moment you know and i didn't think

until i was in the middle of vietnam not the middle at the end of it we were locking it i was looking at a

map we made of the yadrang valley and the central highlands and you could see the positions of the vietong

and the nva and the americans and i thought boy this could be the british moving west on long

island towards brooklyn and i looked up i said we're doing the revolution so they come they

everything comes that way and it's much better you know it's like it's like you know it's like you know

a batter, you know, you just got to read the pitch. And at that given moment, it's a fastball,

so you're going to hit it this way or hit it to the opposite field or you're going to try to

choke up because he's throwing junk and you've got to figure out how to respond. I mean, it's literally,

I'm so glad there's not a plan, you know, or a chronological stuff. And you can do is take those

40 films and then put them in chronological order and, you know, that waste some time. I just have

to pass something along.

of people in the chat are saying that they love your work, obviously, but particularly that they

became much closer with their fathers through watching documentaries. Yeah, this is true and mothers,

too. I mean, particularly with regard to baseball, I don't know how many people come up and said,

I've seen baseball more than you have. And I go, what are you talking about? They said, well,

every single January during the hot stove league, my dad and I would watch it. And my dad just passed

away, but my son is old enough. I mean, I've had so many moving things about that or mothers

taking kids to baseball games or going over battlefields. So there's a nice, you know, we talk about

how divided we are right now. All you have to do is look at my films and see we're way more

divided at other times. And what brings us together are stories. The power of stories

and neutralizes that dialectic that you were mentioning. Neutralizes this false notion that

there is a simplistic binary that we can impose, impose on everything and figure it all

out. You can't. And the complexity of us in the end reminds us that there's only us and know them.

So I make films about the U.S., but I also make films about us.

The chat also wants us to ask about AI. I already have an idea of your reaction. I appreciate

your approach of not letting technology guide the work.

But are you at all excited at some point in the future of being able to recreate a scene

from history using image or video generation tools?

Not really.

I don't think so.

I think every once a while when you're trying to run down a portrait of Benedict

Arnold, who's not a popular person in the United States, so there's no real visual evidence

left of them. AI can be helpful in locating that. I use it when I Google a question. I notice

how quickly the AI answer comes up to take it with a grain of salt right now. It's not that it's wrong.

It's just you may not be offered all the nuances and possibilities that's going to change

and whatever, but not to write a thing or to generate an image. There's a sanctity. I mean,

if you say a picture's worth a thousand words, then if you make it up, then what is it?

I mean, when everything is permissible, what's true?

And I just, I mean, that goes back to your question.

You know, what is true?

And I think it's really important to at least have, you know, it's like a kid.

You remember this when you're young, four or five years old,

and your mother or your dad sitting on the bench at the park and you're playing.

But every once in a while you've got to go and touch home base.

I want to be that person.

Yeah.

Very cool.

You mentioned McCullough, and I'm a fan of Robert Caro.

Yeah, we just interviewed him for a film we're doing on LBJ and the Great Society.

I can imagine.

Are you excited about where that genre of historical writing is going right now?

Oh, God, yes.

I mean, there are so many heavy hitters.

I've been out on the road for the last year,

a lot of it with Rick Atkinson,

who's two-thirds of the way through his trilogy of the American Revolution,

is the first talking head you see accidentally in our film,

but no accident.

And the last talking head you see,

there's Doris Gerns Goodwin.

David McCullough has left us.

Stephen Ambrose has left us,

but I was just on a podcast with Ari Emanuel

and Walter Isaacson yesterday talking about, you know,

what the Mount Rushmore that wasn't a president would look like

and having great arguments with him and his friend,

Ben Persky,

and the four of us, you know,

arguing and fighting for now the fastest hour

that I've spent.

So there's so many good writers.

Walter's influenced two of my films.

He's one of the biographers of Benjamin Franklin,

and he also wrote a biography of our first non-American topic, Leonardo da Vinci.

Yeah.

Well, thank you so much for taking the time to come chat with us, Ken.

This is very informative.

This is fun.

Yeah, John has done a great job keeping it together,

but I think he's definitely one of your biggest fans,

and you've come up a lot.

Oftentimes when I can't get a hold of John.

My mom is probably watching.

And yeah, we watched so many documentaries together.

It was fantastic.

What's her name?

Marjorie.

Marjorie, thank you for watching.

Good job.

Thank you.

Great stuff, Ken.

Thank you for joining.

Be well.

Have a great rest of your day.

Goodbye.

Thank you.

The Unified Platform for Payroll Benefits and HR built to evolve with modern

small and medium-sized businesses.

Gemini 3.1 Pro.

I'm going to have to update this soon.

With a more cable base baseline,

it's great for visualizing super complex tasks,

synthesizing data into a single view

or bringing creative projects to life.

And without further ado,

we have Gokul, Roger Rom,

from Marathon Management in the studio.

How are you doing?

What's going on? Good to see you.

Great to see you, John.

Welcome to the show.

is software dead?

First introduce yourself. Sorry.

We'll get to that.

Hey guys, I'm a huge fan, a long-time fan of listener to you guys, to TPPN.

I'm Gokul. I've been an operator and investor for 25 years in the Valley, and yeah, excited

to be here with all of you.

Amazing. It's about time.

It's about time.

Long overdue.

Yeah, walk us through how you have been processing the SaaSpocalypse, the Citrini article, all

all the different narratives that have kind of shaken the tech industry, both to the upside in many cases and also to the downside and others throughout the start of this year.

Look, I think software is going through a change.

I don't think it's dead.

Software is still going to be around.

In fact, every industry is going to use software at its core.

I think what is going to be challenged is companies that are surface level where they're going to be light red.

which are easy to rip and replace.

I think of software as two kinds.

One of them are lightweight, seat-based, easy-to-rip and replace.

A good example I always say, I don't want to pick on them,

is Zendesk.

Zendesk is customer support software.

They sell on the basis of seats

and use it for delivering outcomes for customers.

The problem with Zendesk is that if I'm a customer of Zendesk,

I'm buying 50 seats, I could reduce it to 20 seats and use 30 seats for AI.

In the same budget of 30 seats, I can use AI.

So I can literally compare Zendesk's performance to AI agents in parallel,

and Zendesk won't even know this is happening.

So you might be running an A-B test,

and you can literally run Zendesk in parallel.

And that's a challenge for a company like Zendes,

because it's not deeply rooted.

You can use it part-time for only part of your employees

or part of your customer service request.

The other kind of software is stuff that is not outcome-based,

that is truly running your company,

that's truly running a process.

A good example is NetSuite, which is an ERP.

which is literally at the core of your general ledger,

is running your accounting,

a lot of your business is running off it.

You can't really run another version of NetSuite

in parallel to NetSuite.

You've got to run.

And so NetSuite is in a much better position than Zendes.

Now, at the highest level, the realities,

every piece of software has to reinvent itself over the next.

But the time frame,

it's much more urgent for Zendes to do that

in the next six to 12 months,

while something like NetSuite probably has years,

three to five years,

to think about it.

So if I were next to what I would do,

I would create AI agents,

which I'm sure they're already doing,

and I would, as I say,

commoditize my complement.

I basically make it free

to actually have a bunch of interesting workflows

which are offered to AI,

and I would basically still charge for the data.

Very, very different.

How did you, how did you,

there's a whole new class of AI native ERPs

that have come online

and raised over the last one to two,

years, how did you process them? There's certainly like a long graveyard of startups as well,

but part of the challenge is there's just so much software to build with a system like that

and maybe now is the right time given that we can create software a lot faster than we could

historically. Right. I think the, I know many of those companies. I think they are great

entrepreneurs. I think the challenge for them is that there is no

pressing burning reason for somebody using a Netflix

or NetSuite, I should say, to rip and replace NetSuite.

So what you have to do is you have to go with a company

that doesn't have an ERP today

and get them to start using you as a software company, as a vendor,

and then grow with them.

And so I think it is, so that's a strategy.

Build your customer base from net new companies

which don't have an ERP today.

I think going to somebody who's using a large ERP

and saying, well, throw out your ERP and replace it with me,

It's hard.

So you've got to either come up with a very, very, very narrow wedge where you can inject yourself in and then use it to over time take on NetSuite.

But more interestingly, I think, go after younger, fast-growing startups, which will need a NetSuite or an ERP system in a few months.

Offer it to them for free.

Some of them actually, some of these ERPs have been saying, if you're funded by one of these VCs, you can use the first tier of my product for free.

Sure.

And that's a smart idea because you use it for free.

you're not going to generate much revenue,

but in exchange, they become sticky,

and when you actually start generating revenue

a year from now, they're there for you.

Yeah.

What do you think is happening in the private markets

for software companies

where their public comps have declined by 50%?

We sort of went through this,

and I'd love to know how you process the end of ZERP.

I remember reading Logan Bartlett on this at Redpoint.

A lot.

He was pulling public comps and seeing how multiple compression had happened in the public software SaaS market.

And with the effect that that was happening in the private markets, it feels like the private markets haven't fully digested the SaaSpocalypse in the same way because a lot of the startups in the private markets that are going after those comps were sort of AI native or earlier on the AI narrative.

but at the same time, there's like a bigger question there.

That's right.

The way the private markets work is,

what can the private markets do?

They can't re-rate the company on a daily week

in the public markets.

So what they can do is they can do.

That term sheet I signed is due for a wire at what valuation?

Exactly.

But I'd like a 50% discount place because the cop is down 50%.

Yeah, you can't exactly do that.

You know that happened in 2008,

where you did see when the 2008 Lehman thing happened.

You did see people pull term sheets

right after that happened.

that they're outstanding.

But those kinds of things that happen on the edge.

But the biggest thing that's happening

is there are certain classes of business models

that have maybe raised a C or an A,

that are now unable to raise a B

or will be unable to raise financing.

And those are business models

that are primarily application layer.

I think if you're just doing workflows,

it better be a deep and complex workflow

that is deeply, deeply, deeply embedded.

Because now with open claw emerging,

you might have seen this,

open actually dust the work.

It's not just kind of workflows.

It actually goes and does it.

the job. We're just putting software workflows that's enabling other people but not doing the job

yourself. It becomes harder to justify that you will exist. Because remember, the VC time frame

is not a year. It is five to seven years. And if you think about conforming over five to seven years

that's insane. Why? Because the cable leaders, these models are doubling what once every six months say.

And if once every six months, it's quadrupling every year. That means in five to seven years, it's

2 to the power of 12,

which is a thousand-fold better than what it is today.

And my human brain is unable to comprehend what it means

for these models to be 500 to 1,000 times better than they are today,

what it means of software.

So I think everybody's trying to figure out over a bench in frame

what does this mean if you extrapolate the problem of these models

and make them a thousand times better, what survives and what does it?

What survives?

Things that are deeply rooted that have atoms.

We think, as software and,

investors that things that have atoms, yes, there are human robots. But I personally feel general

people, human robots that are machinists or etch-fax repair people, whatever the cases, that's

going to be slightly further down. So things that have atoms are generally protected over the

5 to 70-year time frame. Things that have regulatory modes are protected. Things that have money

flowing through them are protected. So there's a few classes of things that are protected.

Yeah. If somebody came to you and wanted to vibe code DoorDash, what advice would you give

them about the challenges that they might face on building a competitor?

You know, I'll give you a story.

I'll give you two stories, actually.

Assume is June 2028, right?

Which is what I think Satrini had for 30% drop in.

So because you're hungry.

You open your phone.

You ask Claude, say, or whatever your new startup is, the food ordering.

Start up to order your sandwich with gluten-free bread.

It routes you order directly to the restaurant because it's figured out how to connect to all

the restaurants and it saves you $2.

dollars, but it takes an hour and a half to show up. It was cold and they forgot to make the bread

gluten free. So you can't eat it anymore. Who owes your refund? Does Anthropic have a customer

service number? No. So basically you open DoorDash. The sandwich is the first recommendation.

You tap on it 90 minutes later, you're holding your sandwich still fresh. And guess what? They remember

the gluten-free bread. So that's one story where if something goes wrong in the physical world,

who takes care of it? DoorDash is a managed market.

I'll get back to that.

The better, more pertinent story is run from 2016 or 2017.

Google launched a product called Google Food Ordering.

You might have seen this.

Google Food Ordering.

You can actually order from a restaurant.

And it literally, it was driving at that point

multiples of traffic to any restaurant compared to DoorDash was driving.

Because Google still massive.

Back then it was massive.

You could search for a restaurant.

You could order for a directive from Google.

However, the retention of people who ordered Google food ordering was basically zero.

It was negligible.

Why?

Because after you place the order.

order, there are tons of things that go wrong in the physical world, and you couldn't really

call Google.

The restaurant didn't take responsibility either.

So that product doesn't exist today.

And I think that's the fundamental reason.

There are things that happen in the digital world that are not enough to replicate something

like DoDash.

Doodas manages not just aggregation and supply of restaurants.

It manages everything afterwards.

It manages figuring out how to get you out of the right dasher.

It manages how to basically refund.

If there's something that goes wrong, it manages customer support in what case you want to reach?

There's a collection of systems that work together.

Discovery is something that I think agentics will do well, and hopefully DoDash will incorporate many of those.

But discovery is not enough.

If you think about Google and what did Google disintermediate?

What do we use Google for today?

It did really well with Expedia and flights and hotels and also things like mortgages.

So the types of marketplaces that Google has been able to disrupt our search,

are things that are more lead-gen

or just I would call light marketplaces

where payment happens to Google.

You can book hotels or flights to Google.

You don't have to take care of what happens afterwards.

But a manish marketplace in the physical world

is the most durable thing.

It is not a piece of software.

This is the thing.

I think people get wrong about DoDash.

DoDash, the first piece of software they built after the website.

If you remember, Dodash had a Apollo Alto delivery,

it had this website with a PDF.

The first piece of software they built was not a consumer.

app. It was a Dasher app. It was the app for dashers because that was what was needed to get the food

properly, to make sure the dashed got the order, accepted the order, picked up the food, delivered it

before the consumer app. Can you talk a little bit about what it takes to build liquidity on a

marketplace? It feels like that's also underrated if you're, if you need to spend billions of dollars to

actually create the scale of a marketplace that that's something that can't necessarily be vibe

coded. Exactly. So it's the biggest mode here, one of the modes is density. Density leads to

liquidity, which means the more orders you have in a given geography at a given time, the better

you can bash deliveries, which increases driver utilization and reduces cost per order. And that's

what you have to do. If you were to actually pay the actual cost of delivering, it would be

$10, $12, $15. The reason you're only paying $2 or $3 is because these orders are

batched and you're basically not having a single person, you're basically batching it to the best

dasher driver. That's what you might see in busy, busy times that there are drivers waiting outside

certain restaurants because they literally know that that order, they can pick it up and there is

massive density of order. So density and liquidity, that's what drives market business economics.

And so whoever wants to replicate DoorDash doesn't just need to improve aggregation at the consumer

level, but build a massively dense geography by geography marketplace in every city and every suburb

the Doodash operates in. And that's a massive endeavor. That's what Doodash spent a few billion

dollars building. Yeah, just a few. What does it take to be a great public company board member?

It's interesting. I think, you know, it has changed over the last several years. I think a few years ago,

decade ago, say, the profile of a board member was quite uniform. It was people from the finance,

or corporate worlds.

And that's still important.

I think you need a finance person

who runs your audit committee.

You need a CEO.

I think every public board member,

if you would all go to any public CEO

and say, what is the archetype you want in your board?

Most of them want CEOs.

They want a CEO on the board

because you want a CEO you can confide in

and you can ask for help from.

But there are new archetypes

that have emerged over the last few years.

One, product engineering leader.

Someone who's led product in engineering

at a company.

Why?

Because every company, like I said,

has become a software company, a technology company.

So every public company wants someone with product engineering jobs.

Second, you want someone who represents your customer.

At DoorDash, for example, sorry, at Square, we had the CEO of ShakeShack.

And why?

Because ShakeShack was a prototypical customer for Square.

No, Danny, it was Randy Garuti.

Danny was a chairman.

Yeah, yeah.

So Randy was a CEO.

I mean, yeah, Danny was a founder and Randy was a CEO.

So he was excellent.

He always would really assume.

And then typically what happens is, especially if it's a company that came through venture capital,

typically one or two of the VCs that have been early in the journey of the company,

stay with the company and the CEO trust them.

In Squares case, it was Rolloff Botha at Sequoia.

In Dorash's case, it's Alfred Lynn, ironically again from Sequoia, but at Pinterest's case, it was Jeff Jordan from Andreessen.

So each company has one VC probably who's, and then in Coinbase's case,

it's Fred Wilson and Mark Andreson from Union Square Ventures and Andrewson.

of it. So we see product engineering chops, voice of the customer, CEO, finance person. Those are the

five archetypes. One of the best practices today that I've seen companies using is a notion of a board

buddy. What it means is every exec at a company should actually be paired up with a board member

who's an expert in the same area. So for example, I typically will work with the head of product and the head

of engineering at the companies I'm on the board off and I meet with them once a month outside of the board

meeting. Those meetings are actually really good. I am essentially listing them in a judgment-free

zone and trying to be helpful and getting feedback on them. How can we be helpful? And the same is

happening with the finance-oriented board member. They meet with the CFO. The customer-oriented board member,

they meet with the CRO, et cetera, et cetera. So I think that board buddy system I've seen helps dramatically

because that's what your board member should be helpful, not just the CEO, but the exec team. It also

helps get exposure for us to the exec team who they are. And as you think about success.

planning and stuff like that, we can evaluate who these people are and who should succeed the

CEO or the people.

Yeah.

What are your forecasts around M&A in 2026?

Last year was the year of the licensing deal.

The zombie acquisition with the ghost ship.

Yeah, the ghost ship acquisition, but it still feels like we could see a lot of activity this year.

There's a lot of cheap companies out there.

Go-Pro's at 150.

There's a lot of stuff that could be rolled up.

But also public companies that want to bolt on fast-growing teams.

I think there's going to be both.

I mean, you saw, for example, My Fitness pal, bought this company, Cal AI,

and I think is 18 months sold, right?

50 million.

And so I think there's going to be a tremendous amount.

Why?

Because, like you said, there's a few things happening.

One, software companies are valued, and the valuations has gone down.

And so I myself in a portfolio, I've seen if the CEO has courage, they can actually,

the stock market is already telling you

that the terminal value of your business is zero.

So there's really no downside

to burning the votes

and going all in on AI.

And I have a company podium.

I mean, you should actually get the guy.

He's amazing. Similar to Intercom.

Very similar to Intercom.

He had a business that grew to 200 million

was kind of growing very slowly.

And he said, you know what?

I'm going to go build an AI agent.

I'm going to...

It's basically a product for SMBs

and he's basically gone from zero to 100 million

in 24 months and is accelerating.

By just saying, you know what, I'm not going to worry about the legacy business,

whereas our new business.

So I think, but the assets are there.

These companies have great assets.

Yeah. They need that.

And so it might be PE buying these companies for cheaper,

but the PE can no longer have the playbook of we'll operationalize.

No, it's not about operationalizing or improving costs.

It's about building a new product and net new product and AI-Native product.

And then, like you said, I think there's a tremendous number of,

for example, inference clouds are,

a new thing. Fireworks,

modal, base, then. There's multiple

$5 to $10 billion companies.

I have to assume the hyperscalers

are not sitting around saying

inference in AI is happening on these

completely different cloud platforms.

Yeah.

Different I have. What the hell am I? I'm going to be

a commodity cloud platform. So almost

certainly I think you're going to see

one of the hypers by one of

these neoclod. I think Corvee

was one kind of cloud. But there's together

there. There's like six or seven different next

generation cloud companies. So cloud

software, you saw chips with

Nvidia buying Grog, there's a bunch of exchange and chink.

I think you're going to see, and of course the whole Warner Brothers thing at the application

level, the consumer side is a tremendous amount.

Now that I think we are in an administration which is much more open to this, for lack of a

better word, you're going to see, I think there's going to be amazing activity.

Do you think that the square, you were at square for almost six and a half years,

do you think the square riff from last week will be an anomaly, or are you expecting

40% to be the new 10% riff?

The latter.

I'm almost certain there's going to be multiple 20% to 30% cuts,

maybe even 40.

The reality is nobody's hiring.

I think almost every public company

has basically net new hiring is almost zero.

Why? Because you can do much more.

Every function you can do more with AI.

So it's equal into a 30% boost in productivity.

And that's the first.

Next year, if you get another 30% boost,

you need 30% fewer people.

So over the next 18 months,

almost certainly every public company is going to have a 30%.

If they don't, I question, I question the leadership.

So yeah, so a lot of the, so a lot of people's reactions to the square riff was,

okay, AI is just a convenient excuse.

It kind of is a narrative that the market will be able to process.

You think there's more, you think they're actually getting,

seeing the efficiency to be able to make a decision like that,

and it's not just marketing.

100%. I think they realized that they could basically do the same job and probably more efficiently

with fewer coordination. The fewer people you have easier to coordinate as you know. I mean,

the two of you run the show. Assuming you had four hosts, how hard it would be like some of the

ESPN shows, right? It says the two of you. Every time you add a person, it's M times N. It's like it increases

exponentially the coordination problem. Yeah. So I think that 12,000 person on your six thousand

time in night and day. I bet they're going to move faster, be more innovative and drive more

productivity than they were doing before.

What's the update on Marathon?

Like, where are you guys focused in Q1?

What's most exciting for you?

We are an early state software and fintech focus firm.

We focus.

It's all the best companies you do are at the intersection of the two.

But in software, we look at infrastructure, security, and application.

I think the themes you are looking at are some of the themes that we talked about.

One is, what are durable companies at the application layer?

There are lots of interesting things under security side we're looking at.

For example, fishing is something which is going, I mean, I have been fished now.

I mean, I feel almost on a daily basis I'll get an email that looks like it's coming from a human being, but it's actually AI.

And then the third area is around infrastructure.

Like I said, there's a lot of new infrastructure that has been built because every piece of infrastructure that existed until two years ago was built for humans.

every piece of infrastructure has to be rebuilt for AI agents.

On FinTech, you know, stable coins is just, I think I'm in love with stable coins.

I think U.S. D.C., I have so many people I know outside the U.S. now,

who basically want all their money to be not in their local currency, but in U.S.TC, a stable coin.

Because it's back to the U.S. dollar.

It gives the opportunity for everyone in the world to not suffer a 10% daily inflationary,

basically reduction in their purchase in power, but to hold money in in a in a way that prevents

basically respect to the US dollars. So I think the stable coin is the greatest in so far.

I think it's the best real world outside of tokenization is the best real world application

of of the crypto industry in some ways and I'm extremely bullish on it.

Well, thank you so much for taking the time to come chat with us.

Yeah, great to finally have you on the show.

We should have happened a long time ago.

Always been a big fan of your house.

Huge fan.

Yep.

Always welcome.

It's been amazing.

It's been two years since you started.

It's been incredible.

One year.

Isn't that crazy?

Yeah.

That is incredible.

Congratulations, guys.

Thank you.

Thank you so much.

We'll talk to you soon.

Cheers.

Have a good rest of your day.

Century shows developers what's broken and helps them fix it fast.

That's why 150,000 organizations use it to keep their apps working.

Go, Cole.

Board member, Coinbase, Board member Pinterest, board member of the trade desks, spent four and a

half years at DoorDash, six and a half years at Square. Overnight success. Three years at meta.

Let me tell you. Four years at Google. Finn.a. Wow, Google. That's insane. The number one AI agent for

customer service. If you want AI to handle your customer support, go to fin.a.i. There is a talent

shakeup going on at Kwan at Alibaba's AI lab. I want Tyler Cosgrove to take us through it,

but there are a number of posts.

Junyang Lin says,

me stepping down by my beloved Quinn.

And another individual highlighted by Zephyr

says, bra, Alibaba, Quinn,

disintegrating in real time.

Why?

Yeah, I mean, it's kind of unclear, right?

The Chinese labs are like very not open about what they're doing.

Also, it's not like an independent lab, right?

It's under Alibaba.

Yeah.

But yeah, it's very interesting.

I mean, Quen has, like, recently has been, like, kind of the main, they're the staple in open source,

and, like, in Chinese open source, but in open source broadly, right?

Even the American open source labs are still, like, pretty far behind, Quinn.

So, yeah, it's very interesting.

People are saying that there was, like, new leadership.

They apparently, Alibaba brought over people from deep mine, and then maybe they're just, like,

completely transferring the leadership there.

And then some people are saying, oh, these guys are all going to come,

to the U.S., maybe they're going to go to XAI or something like this.

Yeah.

But yeah, it's, I mean, definitely very interesting.

Do you know where these folks are located physically?

I believe they are in mainland China, correct?

I think, yeah, I think that's...

That's reasonable to assume because there is a world where there's a whole bunch of AI

talent that's missing or, you know, looking for the next gig.

You sign up for some golden visas, even at $5 million a pop that's completely affordable.

for an AI lab these days.

It'll be interesting to see where these folks land.

Yuchin Jin says,

the end of an era.

Quen lost its tech lead

when we launched the Quen three next endpoints

on hyperbolic with Jun Yang and his team.

They were still online at 6 a.m. Beijing time.

They were grinding.

Thank you for pushing open source AI forward.

Do you think they were caught distilling

other American models and then they were fired?

I mean, I...

Busted.

Yeah, I don't think that that's like fine.

fireable offense, right? That's the best way to...

Well, that was probably the top-down mandate.

Please, spend as little money as possible.

Well, maybe they were fired for not distilling fast enough.

Maybe, maybe.

Nathan Lambert has an extra take here.

He says, the gaping hole that Quinn imploding will leave in the open source research

ecosystem will be hard to fill.

The small models are irreplaceable.

I'll do my best to keep carrying that torch, not that I've reached the level of impact

of Quinn by any means, but every bit matters.

It will be interesting seeing how DeepSeek responds to this, whether these folks go to Deepseek,

whether Deep Seek adjust their strategy.

When it comes to small models, that feels like something that High Flyer could potentially

fulfill.

But also, who knows?

We don't know how large the Quinn team, how sizable this is, what they have planned.

Sometimes there's large departures because there's a whole bunch of new people coming in.

And so they might have just hired a ton of people that just haven't announced.

It also will be interesting if this is one of those situations.

where it's clear that there is a, there's a raid going on,

but people aren't announcing where they're landing

for another couple weeks.

And so they just announced their departure.

We see this a lot at the American AI labs where people will say,

it's my last day, and then two weeks later they'll be like,

I join the competitor.

And then two weeks later they'll be like,

I'm back at the original company,

and they'll go back and forth all day long.

Octa helps you assign every AI agent a trusted identity,

so you get the power of AI without the risk,

secure every agent.

secure any agent with Octa.

I want to talk about fast food CEOs.

Yeah, let's pull up this video of McDonald's CEO.

We never watched this all the way through.

I want to see for myself,

this is McDonald's CEO Chris Kempensinski.

He went viral after seeming reluctant to eat his own burgers.

He takes a tiny bite, looks uncomfortable,

and calls the food product.

That's the size of it with you've heard about it.

The Big Arch.

There it is.

The Big Arch.

This is something that we have tested already.

On humans.

On humans.

On animals.

I love this product.

It is so good.

I'm going to do a tasting right now, but I'm going to eat this for my lunch, just so you know.

So here we go.

If I can survive a single meal, it's good enough for you.

We've got a very unique kind of sesame poppy sort of bun on it.

This isn't that bad of the public presentation.

We've got two quarter pound patties, a delicious Big Arge sauce.

It's probably his first TikTok, but he's doing okay.

Oh, there's so much going on with this.

First of all, let's try to get this thing.

I don't even know how to attack it.

Got so much to it.

There's also some crispy onions on here as well.

I see those kind of coming out.

He's stoked.

All right.

I met the CEO of McDonald's, the previous CEO at South by Southwest in like 2013.

That is so good.

That's a big bite for a big art.

That's a huge burger.

It's distinctively McDonald's.

No, undeniably not that big of a bite.

Yeah, not that big of a bite.

He just kind of...

But eating on camera is so hard.

If you just start housing that thing,

there's going to be a whole different set of backlash.

It definitely looked like his first ever bite of a burger.

Yeah.

It's not a strong performance.

Lulu said layup opportunity for the number two ranked fast food chain CEO to film a brutal...

And I think somebody did.

We can pull up another video here.

Someone did it.

There's someone saying Japanese manga writer.

trying to write Americans, the CEO would perhaps compete over who would take the manliest bite of a burger.

Oh, that's ridiculous.

Surely America cannot be like that.

Okay, watch this.

Burger King?

Oh, that's a real bite.

That's a real bite.

Yeah.

I'm a Burger King guy now.

He won me over.

Very, very well.

This guy seems like he can flip burgers.

He can take bites of burgers.

I saw another video of Chris, the McDonald's CEO, coming out on his personal Instagram, saying,

eats, he wanted to clarify that he does eat McDonald's three or four times a week, he said.

Okay.

So he is defending his honor.

McDonald's is great.

I'm, I'm a fan.

But yeah, saying Gabby Goldberg called it out the, I love this product.

Yeah.

I love this product.

That's what every, that's what every chef says, you know, after they, after they, you know,

bring out a meal.

They say, I love this product.

I think you will, too.

He's a business guy.

I don't have a problem with that.

Refer to it as product.

Go off.

I stand by it.

I think it's great.

Yeah, I just think even though it technically is a product, I think people want their food to be food.

Yeah, probably should just use food next time.

Well, good luck on the comms front.

What is happening with Claude?

The traffic is spiking due to all of the news and people are having fun with.

Has it actually been going down?

I haven't, I've been seeing mixed things.

I checked, Claude, to see if it was down.

It was fine for me, but people having fun.

It went down last night for enough time for people to pay attention, but.

To the tune of 4,000 lights.

I do wonder if there's, if there's like the compute debate over, you know, how many servers you need,

how many chips you need to marshal, how many, how much investment do you need from various

hypers, does that equation change if there's a new, sudden,

influx of consumer adoption.

It's unclear that consumers are driving, you know, insane inference loads compared to, you know,

your open-claw folks who might be firing off 12 hours of agentic programming.

That feels a lot more inference heavy than people that are like, yeah, I'm replacing my daily

driver LLM app and then they like fire off the usual like one query a day.

that's maybe not, but at the same time, lots of people coming in, scaling challenges,

comes for us all.

We need a new whale for AI.

You remember the Twitter whale, the fail whale?

Twitter had such a funny, whimsical culture.

There was this thing, when Twitter was scaling, they had this monolithic ruby on Rails app, I believe,

and they couldn't scale the app fast enough because things would go viral, big moments

would happen in the news, in the media, basketball, NBA finals would happen. Everyone would get on,

be talking about it. And the site would just go down for everyone. And so their 404 page, their page

that you would land on when the service was not responding or populating tweets or showing you

any content at all, had a fail whale, a whale that was being lifted up by some birds, if I remember

that correctly. And it became loved by the Twitter community. And the rest is history. And eventually.

environments, voice robotics, evals, and expert human data. Labelbox is the data factory behind the

world's leading AI teams. And without further ado, we have Nick from Wraithwatch. He's the founder

and CEO. How are you doing, Nick? What's going on? Good to meet you. What's going on, fellas?

Good to be here. Welcome to the show. We have a big gong. You've got a big deal. Yeah, yeah, kick us up with

that. No, introduce yourself first. Tell us.

us what the company does. Yeah, thanks, guys. Well, I'm Nick. I'm Raythe Watcher's CEO, one of the founders,

former CIO chief information officer at Anderl. Join Andrewl when it was about 100 people

scaled it through when it was about 4,500. I think they've doubled since then, since I left a couple

years ago. SpaceX and Palantir before that, leading cyber defense teams at both companies.

And then prior to entering the private sector was responsible for.

for pre-assault electronic warfare and cyber warfare in support of United States Special Operations Command.

But you worked at Palance, your SpaceX and Anderl?

Yeah.

That's insane.

Yeah, it's been served.

And served.

Wow.

Well, thank you for your service.

So it was really hard to raise.

It was really hard to raise your first round.

Thank you for, thank you for your service to the venture-backed defense tech industry and the LPs.

Thank you.

Yeah.

It's tough.

Sprinkle to me eye in the deck and it was all good.

The rest is history. So, yeah, where is the product today? What are the key, like, landing zones that you're going after? Because cybersecurity is pretty broad these days, right?

Yeah. So fundamentally, what Rathwatch does is we build autonomous cyber defense systems for the United States government and its allies. That includes private sector and Fortune 500 as well. So we're deployed today to Fortune 500, commercial nuclear, aerospace defense, manufacturing.

But the byline on the screen is our recent announced with the federal government where we just landed a $30 million deal to deploy Wraithwatch in parallel.

Queen hit.

To deploy Wraithwatch to almost a dozen federal agencies in parallel.

So pretty exciting time for us.

And ironic time, given that we're in the middle of a shooting war with Iran, which is known for its offensive cyber warfare capabilities.

Yeah.

Can you explain to me cyber defense?

I mean, like you can go and look for holes in systems and scan code bases.

You can also be, you know, rerouting, dealing with firewalls if you're getting dedos.

Like, what's the nature of the threats that you're seeing?

What's in the wheelhouse?

what do you leave to other cybersecurity firms at this point?

Yeah, so just to set the stage here a bit.

So historically, cyber is kind of the last mover when it comes to any kind of advance in software engineering or tech in general.

Like, we're always the last to adopt stuff for whatever reason.

Maybe it's because we're just at the end of the day, a bunch of skeptical neckbeards.

I don't know why.

Well, is that because, like, basically people want to develop a new capability.

and that's really exciting.

And then people realize, okay, now we need to defend against said new capability.

Yeah, now we need to secure it.

And so it definitely the Gartner hype curve applies to the cyber adoption curve, I would say.

And it's precisely because of what you just said.

Like open claw is a great example, right?

There was all this excitement around it.

And then two days later, it's like, well, shit, this entire ecosystem is open to attack.

There's API keys floating around in the wild.

There's people injecting prompts.

There's all kinds of stuff going on.

And so what you'll find is just a default sense of skepticism across the industry when it comes to anything new.

And AI is no stranger to this.

Makes sense, right?

But what we're seeing is that the attackers on the attack side of the equation have no such compunctions.

They are generally willing to try and take on any new technology that comes on board.

and they certainly have adopted AI in order to industrialize and weaponize their exploits

and their attacks and campaigns in general.

And they're moving at warp speed.

Like when we started a company a few years ago, you know, we were met with, you know, skepticism.

Like, you know, do you guys really think this is a thing?

No one really knew what an agentic workflow was with AI, like to everyone who was still a chatbot.

Now everyone knows what an agent is.

everyone knows you can string them together. And the adversaries have been kind of one step ahead of

everybody. And they've been wiring these things up to offensive frameworks, offensive tools.

And now you're seeing this kind of asymptotic attack pressure that's targeting organizations.

And that's just coming up with novel new exploits, attack techniques, and so on every single day.

Now, the problem is there's no corresponding defensive counter pressure. So you have this mounting attack

pressure on the outside, and then organizations and their cyber defenders are still moving at

human speed on the inside. It's like, what do we do? Every six months, a red team comes around,

tells us, you know, how screwed we are, and then we scramble around and then deploy a bunch of

controls, okay, what knobs do I have to turn over there? And as this is happening out here in the

attack landscape, moving at human speed in here just isn't sufficient. So what we intend to do

is essentially drive a similar asymptotic curve for defenders internally. Yeah, that's

ultimately, you know, what the strategic landscape is. And the way that that needs to happen,

and I don't care if it's us, I don't care if it's another company, essentially the same problem

that Palantir set up to solve. And we can get into the reasons why cyber resisted it for so long

is that the data lives in silos. It doesn't talk to each other. The tools don't like to talk to

each other. Your crowd strikes don't like to talk to your octas, don't like to talk to your splunks.

Splunk in general is like an old model of let me just send data there and then worry about it later.

And so Splunk, to me, is where data goes to die.

And so what we do is tackle multiple things in parallel.

Number one, break down all these silos, force these tools to talk to each other.

Number two, for any dead data sources that are sitting around your organization, whether it's Splunk, whether it's data in S3, all right, let's light those things up.

We can dispatch swarms of agentic whatever's to get in there and start.

start asking questions about, okay, what kind of data existing here? What kind of aggregations

can we do? What kind of, let's just build swarms of these little mini data scientists and throw

them at these dead data structures, light them up, and then bring them into the greater

cyber defense ecosystem. So you can almost think of the thing that's necessary as we move

forward into this future is like the cyber version of JADC2, essentially. For anyone that's

familiar with the defense tech ecosystem, JADC2 is joint all domain command of control.

system, and it was an initiative by the U.S. military still is, to tie together sensors,

fuse that sensor telemetry into a common, cohesive, command and control layer, and then allow

the warfighter to make decisions at speed against it. And cyber defense just has no analog to that

capability, and that's the capability that we're bringing to the table for our USG partners.

Very cool. Walking through a little bit more of, like, why I would want to investigate dead data.

Is that like if I'm a business, I have a bunch of data in S3 and it happens to have customer credit cards.

If that got hacked, that would be bad.

And so maybe I want to lock that down, delete it if I'm not using it.

Or is there some other shape of like the threat of this like dead data concept?

Yeah.

So dead data exists in one of two dimensions.

So the data exists in the sort of pre-attack dimension of, okay, there's data that could tell you about latent risk.

in your organization. So I'll rewind you guys back to 2019, and there was a massive malware attack

called Triton against oil and gas facilities in the Middle East. And the reason that attack was

able to go down is because no one put the pieces of the puzzle together that, hey, we've got a

senior engineering dude with a system that has weak controls applied to it that also serves as a

jump-off point into the OT or critical infrastructure sector of the network. Now, to

put those four pieces of data points together, you need a board security engineer, you need a

red team to come in and find it for you, and they might not ever find it, even though they might

spend three months trying to look for it. So, you know, that could be one of a hundred attack pads

that exist in your environment. So that's kind of the pre-attack latent risk piece. And then on the

post-attack side, you've got data that's just being emitted from everyone's devices inside these

environments and what that data can tell you is all right all this latent risk back here is

anyone actually taking advantage of it or exploiting it this is where this second half of the equation

is where you discover that but what we've done over the past 20 years because i don't know the

big four consulting firms of the world have told us to do it is we send data to these data stores

like s3 or splunk or what have you and then we just don't have the bandwidth to come around and then

do something useful with it. You know, you need some kind of sophisticated data analytics

people that think along the lines of how to make use of this data appropriately. You need to

think along the lines of joins and tables and, you know, objects and ontologies. And that kind of

skill set seems to just not be there when it comes to cyber defense. You know, Palantir, I think,

was the first one to kind of break through and show people that this could be done for cyber defense

as well. And there's a multitude of reasons why it didn't work. Like Foundry was early at the time

when we were trying to break cyber. And so what we're trying to do is close the gap and just have a

turnkey solution and say, okay, you've got dead data here. You've got dead data here. So you don't

even know where the adversary is going to come from. Like we can't predict the next breach

because no one's looking at it. We can't tell you whether a breach is actually underway because

no one's looking at it. So let's break all of this down, fuse it into this cohesive layer.

and then we can tell you where the next breach is going to come from, and we can tell you if it's

actually going down right now as we speak. So that's where we view the kind of like lighting up

these dead data structures, because otherwise you needed a person to kind of sit there and come up with,

okay, what queries are we going to ask and what automations are we going to put into place?

And it's like, dude, when the dimensionality of some of these attacks is so large, you can't

predict what queries you want, right? You don't know how that attack is going to go down. You don't know,

how it's going to manifest itself until it does. And so the only way to solve it is by generating

those queries and their results at machine speed. Can you give us a brief history of cyber

warfare with Iran? Yeah, the Iranians have a long history of executing advanced cyber warfare

attacks against the United States and our allied partners as well.

So, you know, the cyber companies love to give the Iranian cyber warfare groups all these cute names like hydro kitten and all this shit.

But at the end of the day, they are a well-known, you know, advanced nation state cyber warfare outfit.

Like on the same level as kind of Russia, GRU or PLA, cyber warfare units, DPRK, cyber warfare units.

They were really not happy when Stuxnet was a thing.

So back in 2010, for anyone who doesn't know, Stuxnet was kind of the first.

first, hey, let's have a cyber thing that can be implanted in a physical system and then have

kinetic effects in the physical world.

So that thing went into the nuclear enrichment facilities or the one facility that it was

targeting and then made the centrifuges rotate to the point where the hardware just broke down.

So that was the first equivalent.

That was the first kind of example of that.

The Iranians took that as an inflection point, kind of ramped up their offensive cyber

capabilities. And for the past, I'd say, 15 years, they've been, you know, on a campaign to

kind of bring those capabilities to bear targeting U.S. government and private sector entities

pretty much across the board. So, you know, all of that happens. And it not only happens with Iran,

it happens with Russia, it happens with North Korea, it happens with China. It kind of all happens

as this, like, cosmic background radiation against which, like, the regular commercial industry and

private sector operates. And there's very few people that actually realize that, you know,

there's all these nefarious characters in the background that are continually targeting our organization,

whether through external cyber attacks, whether through trying to flip insiders, you know,

corporate espionage or what have you. And so there is a cyber cold war going on. Iran has been a

key player in it. And despite, you know, decades of trying, you know, it took, you know, let's call it for

what it is, an administration that said, you know, enough is enough. And we're going to put some bombs on

target. So hilariously, the Cloudflare founder tweeted out a few days ago that basically the Iranian

cyber warfare outfits, activities have ceased completely since the strikes have gone down. So we'll

see what happens. Yeah. Well, good luck out there. And we have a route. Congrats on all the progress in

the business. Thank you so much for taking us to come on the show. Cheers, Nick. Thank you soon.

All right. Thank you.

Build intelligent real-time conversational agents.

Reimagined human technology interaction with 11 labs.

They're the makers of Devon, the AI software engineer.

Crush your backlog with your personal AI engineering team.

And without further ado, we will begin the Lambda lightning round.

Let's see that cloud in all of its glory.

There we go.

That is the moment that we've been building towards all year.

We'll be working on this.

doing live TV. And we have our first guest of the lightning round. How are you doing? Raj,

great to meet you. Good to meet you, John. Joddy. Thanks for having me on your show.

Thanks so much for hopping on the show. Since this is your first appearance, please give us an

introduction on yourself and the company. Sure. My name is Raj Raj Rajamani. I'm the co-founder

and CEO of Jetstream Security. We just came out of stealth this morning, so super exciting times.

and we are building an AI governance platform to help companies scale their enterprise AI adoption.

Okay.

How much did you raise?

$34 million.

In a seed round.

Yes.

Feed round, let me try Red Point Ventures, and the CrowdStrike Falcon Fund.

Yeah.

So tell me about how this fits in with CrowdStrike, Octa, Wiz.

you have a lot of experience at those firms, some investors in common. How do you see yourself

fitting into the market and going to market? Yeah, we think we are building something very unique

and differentiated. And this is something I've discussed with both George and Mike, who are the CEO

and president at CrowdStrike. So before starting Jetstream, I was leading the products

initiators at CrowdStrike for the last three years or so. And we had a lot of discussions

about AI adoption and adoption challenges.

And at JITStream, we believe companies have an AI trust problem,

more than a technology problem.

And by that, what we mean is with AI being probabilistic

and being able to create compilers, their own social networks,

and even deleting the odd email or two without being prompted,

we have serious trust issues.

And we think there are certain tools that you need

in order to know what type of AI products you are using,

understand them, and even control them.

And once you have all those in place, you are able to trust it and move it into

scale production, that is what we are trying to help customers do.

So, yeah, what's an example of this?

Because if you build a tool in-house using AI, you probably know exactly what model you're using,

you might not have the weights, but you have, you know, you can read all about the various

model, the capabilities, the context window size, everything else will be, you know,

made available to you in the API. Is this more for SaaS products that are vending in AI features

that you might have less insight into or more interpretability of the models themselves?

I would say the number one casualty in AI adoption is institutional wisdom. By that,

what I mean is documentation is never anyone's priority. It's seldom accurate or up to date,

which means that we have subject matter experts within companies who are responsible for understanding how these systems operate.

Frequently what happens, especially with AI adoption, is that everyone's role in responsibility is going to be much larger.

And what that means is that the institutional wisdom gets diluted.

And the way we counter that is by delivering what are called AI blueprints.

These blueprints are the operational contract of an AI workflow.

they define what AI is supposed to do and flag any deviations from the intended purpose.

They also track all the runtime activities, the permissions they are using, the data touches,

the services and tools it calls, and so on, so forth.

So you have everything that you need in one single place.

And just like blueprints, like the ones that we use for building homes and other buildings,

it helps you see things that are not obvious to the naked eye.

It helps you understand the specifications and tolerations,

that you as a company are willing to agree or use within your enterprise.

Will you be learning to drive a LeMond prototype so you can hang out with George Kurtzmore?

I'm afraid I'm more of a swimmer than a driver.

And the last time I was on the track with him,

he chided me for driving a Ferrari the way I drove my Prius.

I've been driving a Prius for the last 15 years.

That's amazing.

You're a swimmer, though?

You're a swimmer?

Yes.

I try to get in at least two or three times a week, so I had to swim yesterday and hopefully

one later this evening.

Open ocean or are you more of a poor guy?

24 hours of the Pacific Ocean.

24 hours of Alcatraz.

It's not like 24-hour fitness lab pool.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You have to start somewhere.

That's fantastic.

How big is the team?

How quickly do you want to go to market?

How are you seeing Enterprise versus the mid-market, small?

start-up adoption. Where do you see all this going? We are about 40 employees now. And the

interesting thing is almost every last person has worked with everyone else for an extended

period of time. So this is a team and crew that knows each other really, really well.

And we are open for business. The product is in POVs already. We were doing demos and I was

getting texts from some of my investors saying, hey, I want to introduce you to these accounts.

We are obviously targeting the large Fortune 500 accounts initially, but we think this is a universal

category in the sense that regardless of geo-region, vertical, or even the size of the company,

everyone will need an air governance platform, much like how everyone uses an EDR product today.

And if we are able to solve it in a graceful and elegant manner, I think there is a lot of room in

this market for both large enterprises and SMBs.

Yeah, that makes sense.

you so much for taking the time to come chat with us. Congratulations on the fundraising round and

say hello to George. Sure you'll be back on soon. We'll talk to you soon. Have a good one.

go to Restream.com. Jay Butard on Twitter, or on IACs says, there is a zero percent chance

regime change is accomplished in a short time frame, referring to Iran, but there is a 100% chance.

Trump quits this war ASAP if Intel keeps gapping down 6% a day and the Dow Jones stays losing

a thousand points per day. We have priorities in this country. And so watch the stock market

if you want to know where the war goes, I suppose, is Jebel Tard's point.

Trump said that you'll be finding out very soon who's in charge of Iran. And of course,

Ani Ayengar said, I'm a cheer, the brief CEO of Open AI.

which would be, of course, the funniest outcome.

So never write it out.

There is another big story in the technology and venture world.

Thrive Capital and Andreessen Horowitz are leading a $4 billion round into Anderrol.

Very exciting.

And congrats to everyone over at Anderl.

Still in the works.

It's still in the works.

But Bloomberg is reporting Josh Kushner's Thrive Capital and venture firm,

Andrews and Horowitz are co-leading a funding round for Anderol

that could nearly double the defense startup's valuation.

There had been rumors about this round at 50 or 60, correct?

So the fundraiser is finally going to be worth more than figure.

That's right.

And they're getting up into the Defense Tech prime territory.

It was a big moment for Palantir when they passed the sort of the legacy primes on market cap.

Well, still got a ways to go with Lockheed Martin sitting.

150. 150, but within the sites, I don't know. Josh, Andrew was seeking to raise about

$4 billion. The fundraising expected to value the startup at $60 billion. The company is raising

capital as it pursues projects, including a facility in Ohio to mass produce aerial and

maritime drones and other products. There was a piece in the New York Times about Palmer Lucky

that was going back and forth, kind of digging into honestly just a lot of history on the company,

but also sort of, you know, trying to understand how deployed the different products are,

where things are going well.

I don't think it was the most friendly piece, but certainly painted an interesting picture of Palmer

and a nice graphic in the header.


---


Well, without further ado, let's bring in our next guest.

We have James from Guild.

How you doing, James?

What's happening?

Doing great.

Thanks for having me on.

Welcome to the show.

Since it's your first time, please introduce yourself in the company.

Sure.

Sure.

I'm James Everingham, the CEO of Guild AI, you know, building an agent control plane.

Okay.

This is important because my agents are out of control.

Yeah, yeah.

I was very interested.

They're going to get worse.

Yes.

Yes.

I was very interested in orchestration, what's happening with Gastown, some of the stuff

we've been seeing with OpenClaw.

How long have you been working on this?

And then where do you think, like what do you think the correct?

user interface, the correct user experience paradigm is. Yeah, absolutely. So I think, you know,

I think you just, yeah, I was reading your post about the 2026 being the year of agents and

registration. And first off, completely agree with that. And what we're seeing, though, is once you

start getting these agents in your infrastructure, and they're starting to come in pretty, pretty

heavily into a lot of companies, the next problem becomes controlling these things. You know, it's like,

it's like gremlins. You know, the first one's fine. And

they start multiplying and taking over and pulling levers in your infrastructure,

you know, they can cause a little chaos.

So what we have built is an infrastructure layer that provides governance and control around these.

You know, you can centralize them, you can run them efficiently,

you can give them and control what they have access to and what they don't.

You need observability in order to figure out what they did, what they touched,

and, you know, who can get access to configuring them.

So that's where we're coming in.

We ran into this problem.

A lot of us came from meta.

We were working on the developer infrastructure teams,

and we were working on getting the engineers to use agents to embed into the infrastructure.

And, well, we got that to work, and that basically highlighted the next problem.

It's like, okay, now you have lots of these.

We think there'll be more than 10.

We think you'll have thousands of these in your infrastructure at some point.

Then suddenly, you know, security pops.

up. And if you're in a regulated business compliance pops up and you need, you need a layer

to control this. Agents are non-deterministic and you need a deterministic layer if you're going to

have a stable infro layer. How much is just cost benefit important these days? I've seen

crazy bills from people that are orchestrating a ton of agents and, you know, it starts to creep up

on you. Like, wait, you spent how much on tokens for that to do app? Like, I don't know if that was a good

trade. And I imagine that in the enterprise, if you're talking about deploying fleets of agents to

hundreds or thousands of employees, you could be looking at a really big inference bill,

and monitoring that seems important too. But is that something that is just too abstract for

clients to demand at this point? Not at all. That's actually one of the top requests we're seeing.

Like, you know, some of the customers that were engaging with early, like literally one of them

had this problem is they had a monthly budget and, you know, it's built for safe.

single player so that engineers are off running these on, on, you know, on a separated server or on their

laptop, one engineer blew through their entire budget in 12 hours and they didn't know. So, you know,

building a centralized place where you can put circuit breakers and say, hey, you know, like,

turn this thing off if it gets too hungry or, you know, be able to report and understand where

your spend is, but not just like where the spend is. It's like, what am I getting for that

spend? And, like, you need to be able to measure the impact of these as well.

I feel like you're at the tip of the spear.

What type of companies are being most aggressive about adopting fleets of AI agents these days?

Yeah, you know, it's the timing is really interesting because we're seeing like many of the customers are now just leaning into it.

It's like, you know, last year it was like experimentation.

We've got one agent.

It's a really interesting, you know, demonstration or example.

But now they're all starting to scale.

So we've been talking with small companies and large companies.

And interestingly, they all seem to be at the same phase where we've now figured out that, you know, the models are powerful enough to operate tools and to be able to, like, be part of our infrastructure.

So we're seeing it across the board.

It seems to be hitting all these companies at once.

Okay.

So evenly distributed across scale and stage.

What about industry?

Are there particular industries that are more rapidly adopting fleets of AI agents?

Yeah.

I think that there is some little bit of differentiation there.

Of course, you know, some of the more, you know, the companies that are a little more tech forward, you know, they map up to what we traditionally would look at as the early adopters and the laggards.

It's the same.

So the highly regulated businesses are slower by design because they, you know, they can't take risk.

And one way to think about it is the companies that we see really leaning into this is, look, you know, there's a lot of pressure for competition and being able to,

to move faster right now.

So I think that the calculus between risk and the consequences of failure has changed.

People are willing to take on a little more risk and try these things.

But, you know, our aim is to allow them to move fast while still reducing that risk in their infrastructure.

What kind of tension is there between, like I can imagine a world where Guild provides all of the enterprise infrastructure,

so somebody can just bring, somebody can create an agent and, you know, effectively give it access to Guild,

and that gives it access to the enterprise.

But a lot of companies will want to actually own the full stack.

How do you think about that tension as well as opportunity?

Yeah, I think, well, one, I think it's an opportunity.

Right now, what we're seeing is that a lot of companies are off building sort of like,

sort of small versions of this internally.

And it's not their core competence.

They don't want to build it.

They don't want to maintain it over time.

It's not going to get better.

They don't have the specialized expertise to do it well.

So what we think is that companies are really open to using this as a service.

And one thing that's important is that, you know, being vendor neutral and, you know, model neutral is also important because people don't want to be locked into one vendor.

because the competition right now is things are, you know, they're leaprogging each other and they're hopping from model to model.

So, you know, vendor neutrality is also important here.

Totally.

What about the types of activities, the types of use cases for fleets of agents that you're seeing?

I'm interested to know about this.

There's a lot of, there's a lot of narrative around like, oh, you're just going to like go vibe code your CRM and like rip out that legacy software.

but it just feels like with, you know, agents you're so much more likely to just go pull your

roadmap forward and go deliver more value for your customers. Maybe you'll go ask for a contact

renegotiation, but what are you actually seeing? Yeah, sure. So the interesting thing is like

people, we're seeing the most innovative agents come from our customers and not ones that we thought

of. Some of the favorite ones that I've seen so far is this onboarding agent. There was an agent

that made the code-based sentient.

And so instead of saying, hey, I want to check out these files, you can say, check out this feature.

And it would say, oh, that's these files.

Would you like a system diagram?

Sure.

And we'll paint you a system diagram.

Do you want to know the history?

And you could have a conversation with it.

Another one, or we're seeing these agents.

And by the way, agents can get executed not just by a person, but by a tool and by an event.

So we had a risk analysis agent that when it gets pulled, like when a,

when the CICD system pools from source,

it would analyze the risk of how likely is this diff going to take the system down?

And it can let low-risk diffs go through and high-risk won't stop.

So things like this can help eliminate holiday code freeze of the code base.

So those are a few, and they can expand way outside of just development.

They can go into all of these different workflows.

anywhere where there's an integration prompts and evals, you can make use of this.

We have one in ours that doesn't allow duplicate bugs to happen.

So hooks into Git, fires an event, the agent goes and says this is a duplicate bug already.

It'll just mark it.

With the Guild system, though, we were able to just go in and natural language interface just say,

hey, don't make it so it's not possible for duplicate bugs to exist in our company.

And it just went and did it behind the scenes, installed the age.

agent, set it up right, and boom, like, that wasn't possible for any engineers in a company.

Talk to me about where Guild sits in a world where I build a product that is effectively a fleet of

agents. Maybe you call me a rapper, whatever, but my customers love the product, which is

heavily agentic. I'm using Guild, your product, to orchestrate, and then I want to then

then that into a company. Am I like white labeling you? Am I using you internally? And then my customer

doesn't know, are they going to be wanting to use Guild on their side? Like, what's the, where do you

fit in that stack? Yeah. So one of the things that we found is that like a way for these agents to be,

for engineers and for companies to learn how to use these is by like looking at them and and seeing it.

So like we have something we call agent hub. Okay. An agent hub will be a public surface. So

companies can have internal agents that are private, but they can also push them externally,

and they can be a series of agents that work together.

We look a lot like GitHub in that way, where you can go, you can find agents right on the

surface that might work for you.

These could be distributed by third parties or people that are building agents as products.

And within minutes, they can just authorize, set up a workspace, click, and boom, have

these things working in their workspace.

So we're big open source believers.

We've been in that space our entire career.

So, you know, there is an aspect of that that we're bringing to this agent marketplace.

Very cool.

Well, we want to ring the gong for you.

How much did you raise?

Oh, thank you.

Yeah, we, it's kind of tough following that $4 billion one that you just announced.

But, you know, we will go.

We raised $44 million.

It's our second.

It's our second round.

Apologies.

It was $30 million plus 14 in our seed.

We raised both of these rounds within four months.

That's incredible.

And who participated?

Yeah, any, like, companies I'm out of heard of involved?

Yeah, sure.

Like, our lead investor was Google Ventures.

There we go.

There we go.

So, GV.

They read, we have NFX involved.

We had Kostla Ventures came in this round.

We love Kost.

Scribble Ventures.

Fantastic.

A crew, Capital.

web investment network. I think I got them. I think I got them all. You will you will have missed one

and that one person will hold a grudge against you forever. Of course. That's a great. That's a great line

rule of lists. You always forget one. It'll probably be the most, the biggest one too.

Right. But thank you so much for taking the time to come to chat with us. We'll talk to you soon.

take it seriously. Stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service. And let

also tell you about phantom cash,

cha-cheng, fund your wallet

without exchanges or middlemen

and spend with the phantom card.

And without further ado,

our final guest of the Lambda

Lightning Round, we have Felix from a cash

systems. How are you doing, Felix?

I'm good. I'm good. How are you?

We're good. Good to meet you.

Since it's your first time on the show, please

introduce yourself and the company.

Sure. My name is Felix at Jekam. I'm founder

and CEO of Akash Systems

in the Bay Area. Amazing.

What do you guys do?

We are a venture-backed company that makes diamond-cooled servers for KI and cloud service providers.

Okay.

Diamond business.

Yes.

I love it.

Very exciting.

I love it.

I'm familiar with air cooling.

I'm familiar with water cooling.

What is diamond cooling?

So diamond is interesting because it is not only a very beautiful material, but it is also the world's most thermally conductive material.

It is extremely thermally conductive.

If I held a stick of diamond in my hands, it would take the temperature of my body and move it very quickly through the entire material and propagate it to whatever is on the other end of that material.

What we do with Akash is we take that diamond that's very pretty, but also very terribly conductive, and we place it right on the GPU.

So a GPU, for those of you don't know, is the hottest component of a computer or server.

So the things that answers your questions on chat GPT, on Claude, the very essence of the thing that does those questions is the GPU.

It gets very hot.

You've probably heard people talk about that.

And cooling it down can be very expensive if you use liquids.

But what we do is we take synthetic diamond grown in the lab with thermal conductivity.

We put it on the GPU.

It reduces temperatures by 10, 15 degrees Celsius.

That reduction causes an acceleration.

in the inference of the GPU, it also reduces the cost of cooling the entire data center.

Yeah.

So once the heat's transferred from the GPU die to the diamond, it's got to get shuffled

away at some point.

Yeah, where does that air or water?

How is it getting moved away?

That's air.

So, yeah, so we're compatible with liquid cooling.

If you want to have, if you already have an infrastructure of liquid cooling,

would totally gain for that.

But if you don't have the capital to invest in a liquid cooling,

infrastructure, then you don't need it because you've got diamond that we provide on the GPU.

And so it goes from the diamond to a heat sink. And then that goes to air. Yeah. And so people that might

have done a built a gaming PC, you put something directly on the CPU. Is that copper typically?

Like what? That's typically copper. And by the way, with a diamond cool server, you don't need to have

your air conditioning on. You can literally turn off the AC in the room. And the room can get as hot as

120 degrees Fahrenheit and

the servers literally like

because shuffling it away so fast

correct. Correct. Got it. Okay.

It could be so fast into the ambience and

you'd be fine. We just released today

a server made with an AMD chip

that is cooled by diamond and that can

operate at 120 degrees Fahrenheit

and you would not need any liquids, no

air conditioning and it would just be the

computations would still be fine. Okay.

What? How much how much actual

diamond is

Like, what is the cost of the...

Is it like one very thin diamond?

Or are we talking about something that could fit on a ring?

I love your questions.

Yes, it is a very thin layer of diamond that we place on the material, on the GPU.

Yeah.

And to your question about costs.

So the effect of this diamond cooling is that it generates about a million dollars by our

conservative calculations, about a million dollars of revenue and some cost savings to the operator

of the GPU.

And that's over typically a lifetime use of around three to four years.

So we're not just giving you compute.

We're giving you cash.

So roughly about a million.

And so we take a slice of that to add on to the cost of a traditional server.

So our servers are the cost of our servers don't compare to the million dollars that you would get back in returns.

Yeah.

So I imagine you're literally you're icing out the GPUs.

I love it.

So I imagine you, I imagine that a diamond cooling system has got to be more expensive than

the legacy system, but you're saving money on the, on the, on the energy cooling, the AC,

the water flow, all of that, right?

So less energy intense.

That's correct.

And we're talking about, I can give you some numbers here.

So a typical server maybe like 250, 300K, hours would be on the order of, let's say, 400K.

Okay.

So, but on the other hand, over the three, four years of you.

like you're going to get a million dollars.

And then also, I imagine that you're on sort of a Moore's Law S scaling curve of your own costs

because lab-grown diamonds have gotten dramatically cheaper over the last decade,

and you expect that to continue?

Okay, explain that.

That's exactly right.

The cost of making diamond has literally collapsed through the bottom of the floor.

It's so low, and that's just improved our economics.

Okay, so for actually making the diamonds, you're working with a contract manufacturer

who also makes diamonds for saws or jewelry?

We source diamonds from all over the world.

We buy diamonds from wherever we can get them very cheaply.

We have ways of growing them ourselves.

But the interest of scaling rapidly,

we buy diamonds from everybody.

As long as you can meet both quality and cost requirements,

we're happy to buy from you.

Yeah, I remember seeing the first lab-grown day.

diamond, I don't know, maybe 15 years ago. And it was basically like a massive like dome that

was putting an immense amount of pressure and it would come out with a with a diamond shaped

diamond. It was something that would belong on a ring. Now, I imagine as wafers and GPU dyes have

gotten bigger, you need to make a bigger lab grow diamond and then slice it. Can you walk me through

like, how are you dealing with like the size of the GPU dye that I would imagine is bigger than

like a one-carat stone?

Yeah, so you're very perceptive.

What you described is the old-fashioned way of making diamond

where you try to replicate the conditions of the core of the earth.

Oh, yeah.

Very high pressure, high temperature.

What we do is something called chemical vapor deposition.

It's a more advanced way of making diamond

where you don't need to get a massive thing to recreate the core of the earth.

These reactors that we use are very small, typically,

and the amount of diamond that we need is relatively small.

Yep.

So it needs to be cost effective and it needs to fit into the traditional size of a server.

Folks who have purchased a diamond maybe for a loved one might be familiar with the four Cs.

Do any of those matter to you?

Can you use a lower quality diamond or is there a benefit to heat dissipation if you have a particularly clear diamond?

Great question.

The answer is yes.

We don't quite use gem quality, beautiful, spectacular twink.

little star diamonds.

Yeah.

Diamonds that we use are actually what we call industrial diamonds.

Sure.

So they're not pretty, but they do have an extremely high thermal connectivity.

And that's the thing to care about.

Yeah, of course.

And so we use that for our work.

Are diamonds forever?

Do you need to replace these at some point?

Diamonds are forever.

We actually reclaim the diamonds.

So at the end of the life of the server, we're happy to take the server back and pull the

diamond out and reuse it for our needs.

Yes.

Talk about flexibility of integration.

Congratulations on the AMD deal, by the way.

But it feels like it's not rocket science to get this working on a different chip.

Walk me through that.

It's not.

So it is, but it isn't.

It's taken us a long time to get here.

Actually, this technology that we've deployed with the AMD chip actually start off in space.

So we actually started off doing diamond cooling.

in satellites. In fact, last year, we launched about a half a dozen satellites with

diamond cooling, but then when we saw what was going on in AI and that the power densities in

the GPU are actually a lot less than what we deal with in space, and the fact that in space,

the conditions are much more harsh. We're talking about solar radiation, space radiation

that's a lot more difficult and challenging to work with. And what we have on a terrestrial,

we said, wait, if we can address a problem in space, we can definitely address a problem

in a GPU.

And so that gave us the confidence to replicate what we now have on grounds.

And getting to space took us a long time.

And we're leveraging all of that to do this.

So the technology that we've deployed here is covered by dozens of patents.

There's a lot of material science and device physics.

But in the end, we're able to do it cost effectively and scale rapidly for our customers.

Amazing. I heard that there was a secret shopper who stopped by the diamond store, placed an order for a huge amount of your product. How much is the deal? I know you can't tell us who it is with, but I'd love to know the size. I want to ring the dog. It's a $300 million deal.

It's a $300 million. Congratulations. That is amazing. This is amazing. What a remarkably sigh.

Yeah, incredibly sci-fi.

I love this.

And thank you so much for taking the time to come talk to us.

Georgie, do you have any other questions?

Yeah, this is great.

Yeah.

Great to be you.

Are there any other interesting applications for diamonds that you can think of?

I've heard of the diamond drill, the diamond saw.

This was not on my bingo card.

But should we expect big things from diamonds in the future if they get really, really, really, really, really cheap?

Definitely.

I mean, we get calls all the time.

People want to put our stuff, I mean, because we have the space heritage as well as now servers and GPUs, people want to now do data centers in space.

Of course.

So that's super sexy, amazing.

To be honest with you, just trying to execute what we have in front of us is already quite a bit of a full plate.

But yes, there are applications in space, as we discussed, applications in other areas, industrial areas, such as with Bitcoin.

mining. That's something that requires a lot of compute. And so we do get pings, but right now we're

very focused on just getting compute to data centers and cloud service providers and AI companies.

Well, Felix, thank you so much for taking it good time to come chat with us. This was very fascinating.

And good luck to get it.

We'll talk to us. Cheers. Have a good one.

Giving employees instant resolution for access requests and password resets.

The Germanator says it's official.

Apple launches the M5 Pro and M5 MacBooch, MacBook Pro, M5 MacBook Air,

new studio display and new studio display XDR.

This is what I always say.

It's not official until Mark German writes about it.

I don't actually go to Apple.

It's not official when they post about it.

I like that he's got the scoop.

but I believe him and this is exciting.

The M5 Pro, M5 Mac, M5 Macintosh Pro.

Yeah, so apparently there's still re-designed rumors for the MacBook Pro.

I might jump at this.

I might upgrade.

6.15 a.m. Pacific tomorrow morning.

We can order.

Yeah.

The studio display XDR is going to be awesome.

The Pro Display XDR has been dominant for like I'd

decade. And you will go on YouTube and look up, should I buy an Apple Pro Display XDR in? And it will

just auto fill 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026. And the answer is always yes. Like, it's still a great

monitor. And so it's always, the only problem is just, it's been really expensive. And it hasn't been

refreshed in so long that a lot of Apple folks that want a beautiful display, high refresh rate,

there's really like no tradeoffs with it. Whatever they have planned there, I think will be

very, very exciting. So,

buckle up Apple fans.

There's going to be a lot of good news

TurboPuffer. Serverless Vector and full-tech

search built from first principles on object

storage, fast, 10x cheaper, and extremely scalable.

The last thing

I think might be worth mentioning

is that Ted Mayberry over at Palantir

is issuing a call to

former Palantirians,

former Hobbits, as he says.

If you've ever considered returning to Palantir, this is the

week to do it. The world is demanding every

last unit of creative energy we can muster. If you return, you will be on a plane one day

and committing code that matters within hours of getting your laptop, from the foxhole to the

factory floor, to the surface area to support something incredibly meaningful. Immediately is immense,

I promise you nothing other than a sense of satisfaction that comes from the purpose and intensity

of the most intense deployments you've ever worked on. If you have been chasing that spark,

come find it again. The Shire is calling, saying come back and work at Palantir. Very fun. Anyway,

Well,

time to plant the bomb.

I think so.

Okay.

Actually, let's not plant the bomb today.

Okay.

Yeah.

But thank you for being with us.

We will be back.

Tomorrow.

11 a.m.

I can't.

I cannot wait.

I cannot wait.

Have a wonderful evening.

Leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Subscribe to our newsletter at TBPN.com.

And we will see you tomorrow.

You love them.

Yeah.

Tell them you want to watch Ken Burns with them.

See you.

Do it.

Goodbye.

Bye.

Bye.