=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - AI Video Game Mods, Should You Sell Your Data, Bryan Johnson on Endurance Racing | Sean Frank, Linda Du, Ali Partovi, Sigil Wen, Jerry Wu, Bryan Johnson
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/ai-video-game-mods-should-you-sell-your-data-bryan-johnson-on-endurance-racing-sean-frank-linda-du-ali-partovi-sigil-wen-jerry-wu-bryan-johnson
Datum: 2026-10-06
Länge: ~175k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TBPN, Altruedown, the Temple of Technology, the Portures of Finance,

the capital of capital.

Time is money, save both.

These are corporate cards, bill paid, accounting, and a whole lot more all in one place.

We are 80 days till Christmas.

Okay, so October is the hardest month in the road to Christmas.

Totally.

And it's because everyone.

Someone is going to be looking at you.

We're so close.

But there's a distraction.

But there's a distraction.

Yeah, you're right.

Halloween.

Halloween.

If you go up to someone who's like, hey, there's only 80 days till Christmas, they'll be like,

why aren't you counting down the days to Halloween?

They'll start looking at you like you're crazy.

You're not crazy.

They're crazy for thinking that it's not worth counting the days until Christmas in October.

There's only 80 days.

Get ready.

Halloween is a speed bump on the way to Christmas.

That's right.

That's what I've always said.

So keep.

down those days. Ignore the distractions. Or don't, but we will. Yeah. Anyway, let me tell you

about Cisco. Critical infrastructure for the AI era. Unlocked seamless real-time experience is a new

value with Cisco. Okay, who wants to play these AI-generated video game mods? Kotaku does not,

they posted a article that said, I don't want to play your AI-generated mod that puts

Skate 3 inside Modern Warfare 2, inside of Minecraft.

They don't want to play them.

Tyler, what do you think?

Do you want to play these?

Or did I have to force you?

I want to play these.

You want to play these?

I'm actually playing it right now.

Okay.

Well, Tyler is playing one of these AI-generated mods.

And it's very interesting because the mods are, whoa, we got the infinite loop.

Infinite loop.

Very cool.

Anyway, production team's working on.

Anyway, we've seen a lot of these.

We talked about them.

We pulled up a random one that we actually did an Instagram reel of.

I think it was Minecraft in Eldon Ring.

I've never been a big Minecraft person, so it wasn't big for me.

This is Tyler's playing Modern Warfare 2 in Minecraft.

But what's actually going on here, Tyler?

Explain how did you get this installed?

What is this?

Yeah.

So from my understanding, it's basically,

like there's no you're not really like putting one game into another it's fully like a rust engine and then

you're pulling assets from both games and like kind of pulling them together somehow interesting so like

i had to buy monor warfare too on steam yeah yeah it's using the actual game assets and the same thing

for minecraft like it's using the actual assets it found them online interesting and i basically had

codex like set it up wired up so i can run it on mac yeah yeah but it's like fully featured like

i can i can mine i can build you can build using the can you get a nuke

I don't know if I can get a kill streak.

That's the question.

If kill streaks aren't in it, it's not more than warfare too.

It doesn't make any sense.

There are actually a whole bunch of different ways people are modding things.

It's interesting because they're all getting sort of lumped together into one bucket, but they are very different.

Like the classic, like the most approved or like company approved mod might just be something like, you know, there's a Fortnite skin and you get to, and I don't know if they actually did like a bat.

Man skin or Spider-Man skin, but those skins come over, and it's just assets that fully live

inside of Fortnite.

There's no game code from any other game coming over.

It's purely just, okay, the Fortnite game developers looked at what Spider-Man looks like

they made a Fortnite model out of the Spider-Man, like, character, and then you can play

as them, and everything is integrated fully.

You're not going to risk changing any game files.

It's fully approved by corporate.

Now, these go a step further and run the game.

gamut of different techniques. Some of them that you have seen, some of these mods, actually are just

the old ways. Yeah, I'm playing. Could you try swimming? Yeah, swimming is a little bit broken.

And that's the nature of the vibe-coded slops. Oh, it's over for you. Yeah. Are you drowning,

though? I don't think so. I'm just basically walking as if there was no water. There's no, yeah,

the mechanic is, because, yeah, I think your health is being monitored by modern warfare too,

whereas Minecraft is just the geometry that you're around.

I don't know.

But some of them are the old way of modifying,

just bringing game assets into the actual game.

None of the actual code is running.

Others are actually merging two games.

For that Mario in Eldon Ring video that we saw the other day,

the mod actually borrows a subsystem called Lib SM64,

which is derived from a Super Mario 64 decompulation.

So what they'll do is they'll...

We keep politics out of video games.

Please.

Please.

So what they'll do is they'll download the actual binary,

like the code that is on the cartridge.

They will convert that into just a file that's on a computer.

You can run that in an emulator.

But then they can actually reverse engineer the underlying code

from what has been compiled.

So you get basically a bunch of ones and zeros,

and there are tools that will look at that

and work backwards to understand

what the actual game logic is.

And so an example is like,

in the game code,

you might have like health equals 100.

But in the compiled code,

it might just be like some memory address,

like X, like 0X, 1, 2, 3, 4, FC,

and then you might work backwards

in the decompilation step

to figure out that that's the health.

So a bunch of things happen in the game, games played, as things are changed and updated, that game state is then sucked out into the decompilation file.

Interestingly, the NSA is involved, so no, we can't keep politics out of game development because there are actually, a lot of these game monitors are actually using software from the national security administration, the NSA.

So the NSA has a GitHub with an open source project called, what is it actually called?

It's called Gidra.

and it's on the National Security Agency's GitHub.

It's a software framework for reverse engineering software.

And so you point this thing at the game,

and you wind up getting more of the code,

and then you can break it up and bring it into other games.

Tyler?

Okay, I'm going to trick shot this pig.

No, no.

Oh, he did it.

He did it.

Come on, Tyler.

Why?

Can we get a content warning?

for anyone

at home

but there is something else going on.

But there

is something else going on

now that I hadn't seen before.

I don't know if this was popular

in the modding community before

but there is a version

you might have seen

and we can try and pull it up

Arkweb. It's

Batman Arkham Knight

passed through Spider-Man mod

so you play a Spider-Man in

the Batman game and so you're in

Arkham. And what's funny about this is that the two games feel very similar, so they mesh very

well together. But from an intellectual property perspective, this should never happen because,

of course, Marvel is DC, or it's Marvel and DC. So Marvel is owned by Disney and Batman is

owned by Warner Brothers. These two companies are direct competitors. And so they should never really

be collabing in this way. But the fascinating thing about this is that it's not just they took the

Batman game and created a Spider-Man character.

It's actually running both games.

And then it's passing data between the games to create this experience of being Spider-Man in Arkham night.

So what's happening is like the mod goes into the Batman city, Gotham, grabs all the geometry, all the collision data, all the all the geometry of like where that building is.

It takes that and in real time, it passes it to.

the Spider-Man game, which is actually running a different physics engine.

So it has to translate all of that.

Also, the two games use different, they use different coordinate conventions, different axes,

and different units of length.

So it has to translate all of that, create that in Spider-Man,

and then also keep both of them running like the controller input,

because normally if you have a controller on a video game,

it'll just be on one game at a time.

things in the background. But you can see there's like, yeah, bugs already. And this is like

part of the problem. And then it needs to actually merge the graphics. And so the games use

different graphics systems too. This feels like it would be so much easier if it was two games

that were built on the same underlying technologies. But through the power of slop, they're able to

sort of merge these two in real time and get them actually running it seems like near 60 fBS.

And then even when you're going to, they don't show the fighting, but I think

when you go into the fighting, you switch into like the Batman combat setting instead of the Spider-Man system.

So you're using Arkham's free flow combat.

It's very, very odd.

But the end result, it looks great and it feels like it's almost ready to serve as a reason to be like, oh, I love that game.

I want to play it again.

Why don't I give it another spin?

It's sort of a new game plus.

You get to play as a different character.

There's a lot of old games that are getting remastered, rebuilt.

could be an interesting reason to go back into a game that you loved with a different twist this time.

And stuff like this happens all the time.

I mean, even like the latest sequel to Spider-Man was the same city, but just a different character.

And so some different mechanics, some different story elements, but a lot of the same assets.

But it was still a reason to jump back in for a lot of players.

But all of this is the classic 1990 rule.

Have you heard of this?

coined by one of the greatest of all time, Tom Cargill at Bell Labs.

He said, when it comes to software engineering, the first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time

and the remaining 10% accounts for the other 90% of development time.

Because you get 90% of the way there, and you're like, great, I only have 10%.

And then you spend even more time on that last 10%.

No matter how much you estimate it, things always great.

growing scope. And so when you think about the, the bug bash that would be necessary to take that to

anything relative to like, you're looking at five years. What? You're looking at five years.

You're looking at five years. Yeah. Here's Minecraft in GTA. Similar. Yeah. The sort of multiplayer first

person shooters, you can imagine actually that being like relatively straightforward to get a, a working

version that would be fun. It all just depends on how you scope it. Yeah. Because if you're just talking about

you're only changing the textures.

Like, you're using the same model from Call of Duty, and you're just changing the textures.

You're probably not going to introduce too many bugs.

But as you include a different physics mechanic, a different explosion, like, all of a sudden,

you're introducing so much risk that you could fall through the map or things could not collide correctly.

You've got to go rewrite that collision software.

That triggers something else.

And all of these demos, none of them show the actual.

playing the full game.

There's a mod to bring

Minecraft into Skyrim.

It's called Skycraft, I think.

And in the developer's

documentation for like the open source

implementation of this mod, it says

don't start the game normally.

Do not try and play the opening sequence.

It will break. You should start

with like the alternate starting point

that starts you further into the game because it's

so broken.

And that's just the nature of being in the sloping

era. So the interesting thing is that all these mashups, they feel like Taylor made for the short form

video era because you watch one of these for 30 seconds, 60 seconds, and you're like, wow, that's

amazing. I have dual nostalgia. I love GTA 5. I love Minecraft. Put them together. Double love.

It's amazing. Everybody is getting like millions of likes on these videos. But no one has actually

played these all the way through it. No one is sitting back down and being like, okay, yes, this is actually

as good as GTA 5, which a lot of people played for 100 hours or more. Same thing with Minecraft.

The base game remains dominant in terms of actual entertainment value. This is pure meme value.

And so it feels like it's another Harry Potter Balenciaga moment, but for video games. And the

Harry Potter Balenciaga video by Demon Flying Fox, that was released March 15th, 2023.

Wow. Can you believe it's been three and a half years?

years since that.

That's a while, right?

That's a while.

Yeah, it makes me think how, how do they make it at that time?

That was AI video.

That was the best AI video was.

But what they did was it was you would train a dedicated model on every character.

So they would train a model on Harry Potter or on Daniel Radcliffe, basically, just his face.

And then they would use AI.

generated imagery to

generate something

that looked like a, you know,

sort of art station

style, Balenciaga, runway show

in a

in a Harry Potter scenario

like at Hogwarts. And

Mid Journey at the time was pretty good at

that style, the dark,

like, sort of odd

backgrounds. Like, it was okay

if it had some hallucinations in the background

because it leaned into that because it's a dark

fashion show in a castle,

you don't really have a strong reference point for that.

And then they would run the face swap,

and then they would animate that image just a little bit.

And then there was a ton of editing to actually,

to make it so that you would never linger on a single frame

for more than a second or two.

And so you'd move on.

But what was the conclusion from seeing that?

I mean, at the time, people were like,

we're going to be watching in full AI movies next year.

What was your conclusion?

Did you have one?

From the Belenciago?

Yeah.

I mean, it's just like, these are all like very novel ideas, but at some point, like, now I've seen, like, I've seen a bunch of different games that have been ported to each other.

And it's like, okay, there's another.

It's like, oh, yeah, you put Minecraft and Mario and I kind of get the idea.

Yeah.

And it's notable that, like, Dean's Flying Fox did many, many sequels and sort of stopped breaking through to the same degree.

And still has a YouTube channel and I think posts a bunch of stuff.

But we didn't get Daniel Radcliffe at a Balenciaga runway show.

and we also didn't get a fully AI-generated movie

within three and a half years.

And so it was still a heavily important tech demo, though.

And I do think, you know,

there will be a breakout video game mod

that sees heavy assistance from AI in the near future.

But the key is, like, crafting a really innovative strategy loop.

Like, that's what Dota 2 was.

It was a spinoff of World of Warcraft, I believe.

it was a mod that came from there,

or maybe it was from another game, I forget.

But there are plenty.

I mean, Counterstrike started as a Half-Life mod.

There are clearly games that can be birthed from that,

and the fact that you have AI tooling to speed that up,

you're just moving a lot of people into the Indy developer category

who can move things faster.

They're still going to wind up spending 99.999% of their,

time in the last 1% if they want to break through.

But it's cool that many people will see this and be like, I got to make a mod.

I've always had this idea for this game.

And now I can actually go and get started, although they will obviously need to lock in for a long time to get something actually polished.

What's the only thing faster than the AI market?

Your business on MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform.

That powers it.

Let's move over to some news in the timeline.

Theo is optimistic about this.

Millennial age gamers are about to become more pro-AI than the average SF Tech

Bro because of all the nostalgia from Halo in Modern Warfare 2.

I do think some people will see this and be like, oh, this is cool, I like this,

but there are still plenty of gamers who are like, I don't like AI at all for a bunch of reasons,

and they bring that over.

There was an interesting chart of support of AI.

I think for the gaming community to become broadly pro-AI,

a very well-loved franchise has to release a new game

that is noticeably better or bigger because of the technology.

And until then, I think people are just going to be like,

you know, again, these sort of combinations are cool.

but until I don't well one I don't think they can really get users because of all the IP issues

but but yeah I think you're going to need to see like GTA 7 and it's the entire world

right and for people to get excited and I don't I don't know that that that's even a path that

yeah I like the lawyers are extremely pro-AI now because they're like I'm going to get so much

business from this.

Yeah.

Yeah, is this.

Zillenials FTW, you shared by Antonio Garcia

Martinez in from the,

the economist seeing a monster,

quote, how serious do you think the risks of AI are of

AI causing serious harm?

Everyone is basically moving to the right.

They're more, they're more worried just in the past two weeks,

three weeks just through from August 28th to September 18th, except for millennials, age 30 to 44.

They saw Jacob Coxon.

They saw Dario Hamaday.

They saw the S&L sketch.

They saw, you know, the Ezra Klein interview.

And they were like, yeah, I was worried before, but I'm good now.

Which is kind of crazy.

Less worried than ever.

Less worried than ever, apparently, according to the economist.

No, it's, it's a narrative.

violation. Yeah. It's a narrow violation. But yeah, everyone else is is getting increasingly

more worried. And of course, the top of that chart, that is the voter base, 45 and up. So if you're,

if you're seeing even 65 plus move to, you know, 40% very serious, that's that's going to move,

that's going to move some elections. Jim, Prosser says, it's a fascinating outlier. My hypothesis,

where the gen most comfortable with this degree of technology change and uncertainty due to coming of age through the internet and mobile?

Yeah.

I mean, a lot of millennials are in a very fortunate position with like not getting caught off guard by brain rot and slop and screen time addiction.

It's like we sort of got brought up in the craziest era and then have seen the children data and can fight back on that.

So I think a lot of people in their 30s and 40s are like, yeah, I'm set up for success.

I'm not getting the kid the iPad on day one, that type of thing.

So it feels a little bit more like there's a danger, but it's known.

It's like we also grew up with cigarettes, but we were like, yeah, we knew the risks of cigarettes.

So we were like, yeah, we're going to treat that accordingly.

Yeah.

Only when you're drunk.

All right.

Sean Frank, our first guest of the show today.

Let's go through this when he's here.

We can go through it live.

Okay.

Yeah, yeah.

No, no, I agree.

We're going to go through it right now.

You're like, actually, I decide when we go through.

Yeah, let's bring this up when we get to him.

The whole segment?

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, whatever you want.

I think the interesting crossover here, I mean, we're going to talk about data brokerage.

Sean Frank got an offer to sell Ridge's data.

He turned it down.

But we'll talk to him about the rationale there.

The interesting thing is from Dan Romero, he thinks that there's a private equity opportunity to buy old video game IP and then offer a $10 unlimited mod license per game or $100 per bundle.

So, yeah, like taking all these old games and then setting them up for use in AI systems.

So when you go to a model and you say, I want to make a first-person shooter that I can hop in a car and it's,

It's a racing simulator.

And then I also want to be able to skateboard.

Instead of needing to write all of that logic from scratch,

you could just pull like the actual racing game that they licensed off the shelf.

CounterStrike 2, I mean, Valve has created a insanely robust modding system.

And they actually created a new mode in CS2 called Rush.

And it's built entirely in their modding system.

So they're like leaning into this in like a close source way,

but they will allow you to build an entirely new game in their game.

And there's a lot of examples like that, everything from Roblox to Fortnite to, you know,

plenty of others that have had modding tools for a long time.

The question is just like, how do you interface with the models directly?

Suds says, looking for 500 megawatts, minimum of 250, max two gigawatts of powered land for a port go.

Company is completely priced and sensitive and has billions behind it.

ideally electrified shell is already built.

My first thought here was, isn't two gigawatt data center going to cost you like $100 billion?

So you're like going to buy a house and you're like, I'm very price and sensitive.

And they're like, cool, well, the house is, you know, $50 million.

And you're like, well, I have $5 million.

But I'm price and sensitive.

Yeah.

It's like, I bought some stocking.

And so when you're getting into, when you're getting into the two gigawatt territory,

so Chase Lockmiller goes, I think we can help.

It's like, there's just not that many, not that many folks that can get you two gigawatts.

But worth a shot.

Worth a shot.

I mean, you got half a million views on this.

You probably got to the right people.

Yeah.

So effective.

I wonder, I wonder who is, who's spinning up two gigawatts?

Because it wasn't, wasn't meadow.

Hyperion or Prometheus site, like two gigawatts?

This is like a hyperscalor territory, right?

Yeah.

Like there just aren't that many like startups that could be like, it's funny to, you know,

own meta and be like my portco.

Like portco is very like small coded, right?

But you're just like, yeah, like my port code.

So Hyperion is designed to deliver five gigawatts.

Okay, okay.

So it's not meta.

We ruled them out.

Two gigawatts by 2030 is their plan.

How much?

How much?

2032 is when they get to five.

You know, there's this news story going on in, in, in, no, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is noteworthy that, um, you can, uh, you can, uh, you can have billions behind you and, and still not have anywhere close to what you need to secure that kind of capacity.

Yeah.

Fun fact, uh, if you had a one gigawatt data.

center, pretty significant, and you were willing to burn the entire Amazon rainforest, you could

power it for 35,000 years.

Not bad, right?

There's a lot of worry that the Amazon's going away because of Bolsonaro.

People are worried.

The lungs of the earth, we need to maintain the Amazon.

But it is an incredibly power dense.

Would you defend the Amazon?

I think so.

It is a hard tradeoff because every other industrialized country was like, yeah, we burned all

resources. Now you're the last one with them. Don't burn them. So it is a tough. It's like a, it's like a, you know,

industrialization for me, but not for the, that's the real tension there. Anyway,

was Will Minaita saying, he says, probably worth noticing that all the guys that were shilling

high fee SPVs six months ago are all, now all have powered data centers. They'd love to sell you.

Interesting. How are those high fee SBVs doing now? Probably, okay.

Okay.

Pretty cool.

John, question for you.

Yes.

Do you think it's fair game to ash your Nature Valley bar out of the window of a car?

Or is that kind of like too close to littering?

It really does produce an insane amount of crumbs.

Yeah.

Have they never thought to do a V2 of that product?

I know.

I know.

I know.

I mean, for how around Nature Valley bars were, it does feel like they've completely

fallen off.

Really?

I haven't seen it.

I used to see a Nature Valley bar once a day.

Yeah, they didn't sort of have the market a walk.

It's kind of falling off.

What happened?

What happened?

Tyler,

can you do some research into Nature Valley sales?

At the same time?

Over the last 30 years, my entire life.

Just from a health perspective,

doesn't the insane crumbliness of the Nature Valley Bar give you sort of reassurance that

you're eating like actual food?

Because a lot of protein bars these days are so,

mashed up. You're like, I don't know what kind of ingredients are in there. You had to, you had to

destroy like 50 cows and 12 pigs and this much milk and this much corn to like make this

amalgam. And with the Nature Valley Bar, it looks like what it is. It's just like a bunch of

boats. Gilles says one a day, baby. They haven't gone anywhere. There we go. There we go. Putting up

numbers still. I love it. The other

resource people haven't really been talking about at all.

Maybe they should as construction paper.

Selene says you don't really hear about construction paper much anymore.

Back in my day, this was always, felt like it was

top of mind almost constantly.

As a child, certainly.

So I know construction paper

useful for just drawing on.

It's thicker.

The ink doesn't go through the paper.

That's a benefit.

it, but were people actually constructing things with it?

I know people would make those loops, like those chaise chains around holidays, perhaps Christmas.

It's more of a Christmas ornament than anything else.

But I don't know that I, it feels like if you were building like a real diorama, you would get out the cardboard.

So maybe, maybe cardboard just squeezed construction paper a little bit.

And, I mean, have you seen those cardboard cutting saws?

It's like a saw designed to rip through cardboard because people get a lot of boxes, but that's also had the knock on effects of if you're an ambitious child and you're trying to construct something significant that might last the test of time, you might forego the construction paper in lieu of the cardboard. What do you think? Is cardboard responsible for the downfall of construction paper?

That's interesting. Because there's an eco-angle there, John.

Right? It's like people getting a lot more e-commerce products today.

There's boxes coming through the house all the time.

We're post-scarcity on cardboard in most households, especially ones with children because you're ordering a lot of things online.

There's a lot more cardboard around.

I know the last few construction projects I did, cardboard was my material of choice.

Yeah.

So maybe that's what's going on here.

Yeah.

I'm glad we got to the bottom of it.

I'm trying to find the best way to get exposure in the market to construction.

You want to go long?

It's almost a perfect store of value over the last five years.

There's Fabrica Italiana La Piz.

Ed Afina, Afini.

Okay.

It's been completely, it's a half a billion dollar company, completely flat for the last five years.

So more on this, on the next episode.

We got to talk about topic crawler.

Okay.

I'm on spent half an hour going back and forth with chat chvety so it could make me a tool that spits out link for any topic he's researching and it actually gave me exactly what I wanted in the picture below

and then the follow up only two minutes in and I realized how dumb this is

Reinventing the wheel.

Using the tool to create.

Use the tool to create the exact same tool.

I mean, the funny thing is, I don't know if this was,

I don't know if this was like creative's joke from the start.

And the whole idea was like, let's just be funny in the first post because the,

the punchline will be in the second post.

Or if he actually went through this.

But it does speak to the fact that like a lot of the,

a lot of the functionality is.

really buried. Like, just the ability to, like, put something on a cron job is, like, not

advertised anywhere. You know this, right? Yeah. Like, if you, if you, if you want to, like,

get a weekly digest of, like, where the swells are the biggest across the world for

surfing, like, you can totally do that. You don't need to build a tool. You don't need to write a

a lot of code. You don't need to host anything. It doesn't need to use anything else other than

Chachachit, but you would never know that from any of the marketing, really.

Because there has never been just like a cron jobs are here or like whatever you'd call it.

Like scheduled tasks are here and there's like a national campaign.

Very, very difficult as the models get and the harnesses get more capable to actually educate people.

But it's very fun.

So very cool that you can build your own Google in like, you know, 30 minutes.

Have you seen Let Me Google that for you?

No.

So it's this website.

Let me Google that.com and you type something in and then you generate it.

And then you have this link.

You can copy the URL and I'll share it in the production chat

because it's a funny, it's a funny.

You gotta do the actual thing.

And so you send this to someone if they ask you something really obvious.

Like how do I get to, how do I use chat chbt?

And then it moves the mouse.

I think you click the first one that was empty.

I think you need the second one.

The second one has the actual punch line.

Here we go.

How do you use Chad GPT?

You send them this.

Let me Google that.

And it just Googles it for you.

And it just loads Google or whatever.

You can close it.

But it literally just goes and types it in for you.

But anyway.

What are people putting in their IRAs lately?

Yes, babe.

Our retirement is in Charazard.

I have a little bit in my Roth in 401K.

but we can fly or crater, but we fly or crater with Charzart.

Fly or crater is funny, funny terminology.

Is there a way to get a Charzard into a tax advantage retirement account?

Has that been done yet?

There must be.

Anyway.

There must be.

Well, if you are investing, do it on public.com.

Investing for those who take it seriously.

Stocks, options, bonds, crypto treasuries, and more with great customer service.

You got to invest like the best.

You got to do it.

This hit me over the weekend, John.

This was big.

Okay.

One horse pulls 4,000 pounds.

Two horses working together pull 32,000 pounds.

And it's getting community noted.

Record deadweight pulls by pairs of draft horses top out around 17,000 pounds.

Okay.

Near 32,000 pounds.

Blair anecdote, this is based on, which is Dave Ramsey,

also uses 8,000 pounds for one horse, not for a house.

Okay, so they guess so they're wrong on every dimension, but the idea stands.

I mean, in the community note, John, it made me think.

What?

What are we doing with just one horse here in the old?

We got to get two horses.

Permission to order another horse, a twin horse.

No, wait, did you see the, did you see the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, that

bear sculpture that's on Rodeo drive?

Whoa.

This was on Facebook marketplace.

They want $95,000 for it.

Do you know what I'm talking about?

Is that a bullish?

Is that a bullish indicator?

They're like, we have no use for this bear anymore?

Maybe, maybe.

I sent it to, buddy, I can pull it up.

But we can also move on, talk about that later.

It would be cool to get a large statue of a bull and a bear here in the Ultradome, fighting, you know, battling over market conditions.

I'd like it.

I'd like it.

A million dollar home.

This is, a lot of people have been talking about this.

We didn't want to have to talk about it because it's not, you know, the nicest topic.

But we'll talk about it.

Why is tossing boiling oil down a ladder during a siege?

Always a one-time trick.

If I were being seized, I would have 200 guys all boiling three or four cauldrons of oil each.

If you come anywhere near the walls, you're getting scalded.

Get melted, idiot.

Such a good point.

point. Yeah, yeah. That's a good point. Yeah, you should just have like a continuous flow of

yeah, of oil pouring down. Or a closed loop. Oh, like a waterfall. Like a waterfall. Instead of a

wall, you have a waterfall of hot oil that's just constantly there. Yeah. Yeah. That would have

completely reshaped the battlefield. It would have one shot. One shot. Yeah. Your defenses would

have been impregnable. Fascinating. Anyway, the million dollar homepage is reborn every decade in a different

form. A TikTok girl is selling ad space on her wall to pay for tuition. The column of the TVP

on effect. Uh, not bad kid. She says she's selling ad space on her wall. Is this a presumably,

uh, in her dorm room or something? Five hundred dollars for one huge spot. 50 bucks for a smaller

slot. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. Maybe pretty good play. Resourceful. Yeah. Million dollar homepage was a,

was a really good bit.

back in the day. You'd buy individual pixels.

And people have, people have redone it a few times.

I mean, I guess the Reddit, the place was sort of a free version of that.

But it was pretty cool.

You can, I mean, Delta, just taking blow after blow, because you can now watch Cheeky Pint on your United flight.

Everyone's Pied on.

Really just showing that United is a, you know, is a serious highly commercial airline.

Yeah.

They don't want you watch a movie.

TV music.

They want you watching the Cheeky Pint

archive. You got to learn from Susan

Lee. And I'm hoping this means that we're going to see

more episodes of Cheeky Pine hitting the timeline.

It's been about a... It feels like a

six-month holiday,

but it's time to come back.

What's that?

You take a break. They got a hangover. That's right.

They're taking a break, resting off,

sleeping it off. They'll get back in the

pub soon. That's right.

Oracle is putting $10 million

into the Nashville

Symphony reinstating the 2026,

2027 season and recalling musicians and staff who were set

to be furloughed October 18th amid a financial emergency.

That's great.

Give it up for Oracle and the Nashville Symphony.

It shows a real sense of civic responsibility.

There we go, Larry.

I love this.

This is great.

More tech companies should do this.

Go and solve little problems like this.

Everyone loves it.

What else is going on?

the Brits have turned their back on their day ones

British people are apparently buying

Chinese knockoff land rovers

especially look-alike range rovers

They love Chinese cars

The J-Koo-7 made by Chinese cherry

I'm learning about a new Chinese automaker

Every week now

We got mosquitoes in the Ultrasa

We got mosquitoes

Get the flies on it

Heads up you get it

No I don't want to go for it

Run around. I'll read this while you fight the mosquitoes. It's a nice little side quest.

Get the tracking cam on him while he goes and hunts it down.

Your business is AI. Their business is securing it. CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

Speaking of CrowdStrike, I mean, incredible performance, George Kurz and CrowdStrike racing put on a clinic yesterday. Incredible comeback.

They had some setbacks early on in the race, but made it back to the top spot and won the entire season,

MLMP2.

What a year.

What a year for CrowdStrike Racing.

Pretty crazy.

Well, let's go over to this.

I want a review of the Timu Rangerover, Jordi.

You got to let me know what you think.

When Mark Thuleas went looking for a new family car this summer, he was struck by how much cheaper the Jai

Koo 7 was than luxury brands with a similar look and feel.

The 33-year-old from England's South Coast calculated the upfront cost of his preferred

version of the Chinese SUV at the equivalent of around 50K.

Half the price for a visually similar Range Rover model.

You think that car is visually similar?

We'll see.

It's resemblance to the 56-year-old British luxury brand has earned the Jai Koo a double-ed

nickname the Timu Range Rover. My first reaction was, what's the catch? He said, a test

scribe convinced him that buying the Jeku was a no-brainer. No big industrialized economy has embraced

Chinese cars more enthusiastically than the United Kingdom, where Brits like him are being

won over by the combination of affordable prices with status, signaling, styling, styling,

and technology. It does look pretty good inside. Yeah, calling it a Timu Range Rover doesn't

quite work because I would expect that the car is just better in most ways than the rain, you know,

when you think about like a, you know, that the T-Moo branding for a product, you think like

it looks good in the image.

Yeah.

And then in person, it's like, you know, it falls apart.

Yeah, it's a mess.

I would expect this car to be actually pretty solid.

Yeah, probably.

They're very good.

Yeah, they're very good at making products.

Yeah, I wonder how undeniable.

These Chinese brands have rolled out dealerships and service department.

because that seems like the dealer footprint

seems hard to spin up quickly,

but they must have figured out of solve

because I would imagine that potential buyers

are worried.

Whenever you're dealing with an upstart brand,

it can be really tricky if the brand goes under

while you own the car because there's just nothing

really to work on.

A lot of people went through that with the,

what was it, Fisker Ocean,

Fisker Ocean, I think.

Fisker maybe went through restructuring

and a lot of people got stuck with cars that couldn't update software.

Yeah, every once in a while I'll see a Fisker on the road.

And I'm just like incredible.

Well, not the ocean.

No.

The Fisker Karma.

Yeah.

Which I saw Jay Leno in one recently.

And the Fisker karma, it does look like, I don't know, I would expect it to be like the modern,

back to the future car.

Like it's like the new Delorean.

It's so, so unique.

It's not quite as strong.

striking, but it's still very cool.

Wait, the Fisker is not a EV?

The karma is, but the, or the karma is not.

The karma was hybrid.

Okay, that makes sense.

Yeah.

Every time I see, every time I've been seeing a Fisker karma, I've assumed it was an

EV.

No.

I'm like, what, do you have like five miles a range?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Like a 2012 EV from, you know.

I mean, a beautiful designer.

The lineage there is, I think the founder had designed

other iconic cars in the past. Anyway, only Russia and Brazil developed economies that mostly

by cheaper models have imported more than the UK.

The Fisker Karma might be a buy. You think so? How much is it?

20 grand. 20 grand for a karma. Certainly stand out, turn heads for 20 bucks or 20 k.

20 bucks? 20 stacks, 20 racks. The UK, a cradle of the car industry showcases

what could happen in in America if Chinese cars were let in range over.

began a press release trumpeting

Jaiku's early sales success.

Is that a press release from them?

Are they just dancing on their enemy's gravesdustowns?

That's crazy.

That's crazy.

We've got to figure out who actually posted this range over thing.

Winking at its likeness to the Range Rover evoke, the smaller one.

The managing director of a dealership in Leeds, Yorkshire,

said the appeal was simple.

It looks expensive.

It feels expensive.

and then you find out how much it costs.

For now, Chinese cars are essentially shut out of the large U.S. market

by high tariffs and restrictions on Chinese software.

President Trump in September repeated his openness to Chinese cars produced in American factories,

alarming Detroit.

Oh, that's interesting.

He wants the jobs.

He wants the manufacturing base, the control over the industrialization,

but Detroit automakers just don't want more competition.

So there's actually some tension there.

Interesting.

Congress is debating a bill that would permanently ban Chinese cars on U.S. roads.

The spectacular growth of Chinese brands in Britain this year has been led by Cherry,

China's top vehicle exporter through September.

It's sales more than tripled compared to the previous term.

Customer open-mindedness.

I just don't understand why they don't use a name like Cherry for the actual brand.

Yeah.

Like I imagine that could work.

Well, it's not spelled how you think.

It's C-H-E-R-Y.

Yeah.

Still better than J-Koo for an international market.

We got to talk about the Topolino.

The Wall Street Journal is saying that it's the greatest car ever invented.

Really?

And they'll never go back.

Take me through it.

No.

Agents, meet the canvas.

Your AI agents can now create and modify your Figma files with design system context.

They're not quite saying that.

My week in a $15,000 microcar, joy, guilt, and 25 mile per hour road rage.

Fiat's all-electric Topolino isn't fast and doesn't get far, but the Italian company thinks it's just a car some Americans need.

What the F is that, a driver of a luxury sedan exclaimed at a busy intersection.

Is that a real car?

Is that a real car?

Ah, said countless passerby.

The road is so funny.

Indeed, the Fiat Topolino of 15,000 electric microcontractors.

car that tops out of 25 miles per hour is a real car that Americans can buy right now.

Can you speck it with red velvet on the rope?

That would be nice.

If you can speck it with Matt Black and red velvet, so it looks like you're driving a nightclub,

I think you've got a winner.

The Topolino, which went on sale this summer, is a bet by the Italian brand that Americans

in two-car households may be open to a much smaller and slower ride for their second vehicle.

At just over 1,000 pounds, it seats two people and is powered by a small electric battery that gets 46 miles of range on a full charge.

It is sold in one color, mid green, and comes in two variants.

One has doors, a heater, and a glass sunroof.

Then there's the Dolce Vita, which swaps in ropes for doors and includes a rollable soft-top roof.

Many onlookers ask if it's even street legal.

You can take the roof and the doors on this thing?

This is so not functional, said Alexa, after jetting across.

a busy street to get a closer look at the Topolino, which translates to Little Mouse in Italian.

But so far, demand has exceeded expectations. Fiat, which initially shipped 300 Topolinos to the U.S.

It says 30% of its dealers are signed up to sell the pints.

Says only 30% of its dealers are signed up to sell the pint-sized car.

The Stalantos owned company knows the Topolino.

It's got a particular audience.

It doesn't step on anything else that we do as a kind of.

company. There's nothing else like it. I totally agree. I think it is, I'm, I think it,

I think they deserve car of the year. I haven't driven it. I haven't seen it, but I like where it's

going. Beatt Topolino at $15,000 or the cherry knockoff Chinese Topolino variant for

800 bucks before you know it. They are going to make the price of a phone.

Tough call. They're going to make this the price of a phone.

Yeah, that's a good point.

How much cheaper can you get?

I don't know.

That's a good point.

I mean, I would imagine that a lot of the savings of competing with Range Rover are just the margin, the badge value.

I would be surprised if they can make this for under five grand.

But at eight grand, at half price, they actually might move more units because why spend 15 when you can spend eight?

I say move to lease only.

You will own nothing and be happy in the Topolino.

In the Topolino.

But imagine pulling up to car.

week in this rolling deep with 20 of your best friends you know in it in in one of those

yeah sort of s you know yeah snaking across the road oh electric electric uh bea topolino or

base 2007 bmw 3 series auto blog called it surprisingly good looking jordie i want your take

is the base model of the new 2027 bmw three series

Series. Surprisingly good looking to you, Jordy. Take a look at that and tell me what you think.

So I don't, I mean, I've never been a BMW guy, but I feel like every time a BMW gets announced, everyone hates it. And then a lot of them, a lot of them like end up growing on people. And I don't think that I don't think you should judge like a new, a new model based on the base like version of it.

Right?

Because people buying the base version are typically not like massive car people or anything.

They're just buying effectively an appliance.

So anyways, people obviously hate it.

And they're bringing up a bunch of cars throughout history, like the E36.

And saying, like, we have to return to these older additions.

but I don't know.

I just, I think it's fine.

Like, it's just not that big of, I think it's not that big of a deal.

I think the interesting thing is that it just feels like they've been dancing around with different design,

different design motifs, especially on the front grill for the last 10 years.

And they haven't really found their footing.

This feels like a response to the last round of backlash around the sort of front kidney grill that people didn't like.

that looked like buck teeth and they got a bunch of pushback about that and they said fine we'll

change that and now people don't like this and then but people have been warming up on the older

styling and so you're in this weird like constantly dealing with feedback but the build cycle is

five six years or something so you're refreshing pull up this pull up this image of the three series

evolution okay because oh yeah everyone wants to go

back to these super boxy versions, which again, I think are cool. But part of it is that you've seen

them in, I don't know, you're a movie guy. You've probably seen these cars in 50 movies, right?

And portrayed in a cool way. And that helps a lot in terms of how you think about the vehicle.

Now pull up the Shrek spec of the new BMW 3 series. And let's take a look at that and see if

this does anything for you, Jordy.

the Shrek edition.

Whoa.

It looks actually like pretty.

People will look at you with a straight face and say this is ugly.

They will.

They'll look at you and say BMW didn't push the frontier with this new model, right?

Yeah.

And they're willing to just lie straight to your face.

So anyways, I don't think it's that big of a deal.

Interesting.

I'm excited to see how it eventually looks in its.

Gt3 form factor.

I think the current G2

Evo is like an amazing looking

car for what it is.

And I think by the time that

it, this sort of like these

new elements, like the new

grill and the lights and everything, get

sort of built in

into different form factors, I think people will come around

to it. Cool. Hold me to it.

Anything else on cars today? Any other car news?

We got another, we got another

FSD video out of Jason Oppenheim who sold a Bentley, bought a Tesla model Y, and is blown away

by FSD. It is an inflection point for sure. People are excited about it. Sean Frank is coming on

the show in just a minute. Was singing the praise of the Tesla just a what, a month or two ago.

We were like, I don't know about that. And lo and behold, here we are. Well, we also have

Brian Johnson coming on to talk about health and endurance.

racing in about an hour.

Let's see.

Would you buy this BMW 3 series

Dakar edition?

Look at this.

Is this just you and Chad GPT right now?

No, this is official.

Officially.

See?

This thing looks insane.

It does.

It does.

Yeah.

This would be good.

Give me 10 of them right now.

Tires on there going across the

country in that.

Yeah, the last story.

we got to get to is Apple plans to introduce new privacy controls for Mac users.

Warning of the risks growing around granting broad data access to third-party software, including AI agents.

So your iMessage data is not, I don't think it's encrypted when it's on your hard drive.

So you can potentially like give an agent access.

Like yeah, just read just be able to edit my files.

And then it can also read your messages and maybe you don't want it to and maybe you want that to be a specific

permission. And so Apple is sort of grappling with what permissions it gives when. At the same time,

Ben Thompson seems like he's on the verge of going Linux on the desktop because he's been very

frustrated because he runs a headless Mac Mini that he remotes into when he needs to see the

screen. But most of the time, he's just having an AI agent write pieces of software for him.

But those pieces of software need permissions. And the permissions are U.I.

pop-ups. So you have to jump in and click the button and say, yes, I allow it to read from the

network or, you know, interact with the screen or interact with the file system. And so he's been

very frustrated by this and is sort of questioning whether Apple, they're so clearly set up on

the hardware side to take advantage of the hardware boom, the hacker boom. But he went back

to Paul Graham talking about the moment maybe 20 years ago where like all the best hacker software

developers were using Macs. Mac became dominant in like the startup ecosystem and then it just

became like every company just provisions Max and MacBook pros for basically everyone regardless

of what they're doing. And there's there's this question. Apple's in this like tense moment of

you know how much freedom should they give, how much privacy should they give, how much flexibility

should they give to the user, how responsible is that you can if you take all the guardrails off,

and you're on Linux, you can, the agent can just do anything.

That's a benefit, but it's also a risk.

He also shares a fascinating anecdote that his Mac Mini got hacked.

Like there was some system that was on an open port, came in and installed a crypto miner.

But his AI agent actually detected it and sent him a note on telegram and said, like, urgent, you've been hacked.

We should do something about this.

And the AI agent was like, oh, no, no, no, you don't need, you shouldn't use me right now.

I should sit this one out.

And he was like, you're dead wrong there.

you're fixing this and it did

and it went and reset the Mac

like you know

cleared all the

closed the port that was that was opened

so it couldn't so the hackers

couldn't get back in and then also

cleared out the crypto miner

but it's very funny that

it was like this referendum on like

you creating more vulnerabilities

but you're also able to fight them

because typically that's something like if there was

a crypto miner on your computer you wouldn't find out

until you were like oh I'm trying to do some stuff it's slug

Let me go figure it out.

Oh, Apple just patched this randomly.

Okay, it fixed it.

It detected it later downstream.

Instead, it's like 15 minutes.

Such a wild scheme.

Yeah.

Where you're hacking, I'm sure, millions.

Oh, yeah.

It's just like, it's frame crack.

If they're getting to millions of devices,

they would actually have a meaningful amount of compute.

Yeah.

And it's free.

Anyway.

Interesting one.

Mark German reports since becoming CEO.

he's talking about the Terninator.

He's immersed himself in the industrial design and human interface teams.

People familiar with the departments say he works hands-on in the studio several times a week,

sometimes visiting multiple times a day.

Cook typically visited for about an hour monthly.

Ternus is locked in.

I'm very happy about this.

So much of Apple's interfaces have just become completely horrible over.

over the last five years. It does put the pay cut in a different perspective because he's working more hours

while making less. And so he's getting pinched both directions. On the hourly rate, he's way below Tim Cook. He was

pretty close on the top line, but given that he's maybe working more hours. You think Tim had the time,

but he just decided to take free time. What was he doing for the other other, you know, 158 hours in a month or something that he was working?

He was thinking of what gifts to get the president.

Yeah.

Well, New Balance recreated the iconic jobs keynote image for the 1992 shoe of choice.

The 992.

The 992.

Do you think these will be popular?

I mean, there's really fantastic.

Is it too larpy?

They're really fantastic shoes.

They are.

Okay.

So.

So you think they'll sell well?

Even though people will be like, oh, this is the Steve Jobs shoes if you're in SF?

There's just a great pair.

A great pair of shoes is a great pair of shoes.

Codex is a powerful workspace for getting work done with AI agents.

Whether you're writing code, analyzing data, creating content, or automating business workflows.

Codex helps you move projects forward from start to finish.

And we have Sean Frank, CEO of Ridge in the TBP in Ultram, coming on down here in person.

Good to see you.

How are you going?

Whoa.

There we go.

There we go.

992s.

Those are the 992s.

Oh, yeah, dude.

Made America?

Oh, okay.

So wait, what did New Balance actually do?

They just recreated the image.

Oh, they just recreated.

They've been selling that exact shoe for like 30 years.

Okay, okay.

So it's not a new limited drops.

It's definitely out of style right now.

But it's still a fantastic pair of shoes.

Dude, do you say that?

The beautiful thing with the 992 is like you can,

you can just wear the same pair of shoes over and over and over and for like five year

periods over the course of your.

over the course of your life, you'll be like, wow,

this guy's just early.

This guy, Sean is like, you know, he's got taste.

One, I'm the style icon.

Check it out, dude.

Rocking the Pallantir tennis merch.

Their numbers just came out.

I mean, they're privately held.

New Ballets will do $10 billion this year.

So they're,

they're modeled the other shoe companies.

Nike's going down.

Yeah, Nike's in trouble, right?

I mean, Hoka, just reported numbers.

Horrible, horrible quarter for Hoka and Decker.

Interesting.

I mean, on getting crushed.

But,

getting crushed. Dude, these, you say they're not cool, but a lot of people buying them.

Yeah, that's not really synonymous. It's cool. Volume. A lot of people shop it on Timu.

That's true. That's not a hotbed of high fashion. Yeah, Decker's is an interesting,

interesting company. They have Hoka, which just went on this crazy run. Didn't they buy Hoka for like a few

million dollars? I think it was under $10 million. Yeah. And now it does like billions a year.

It's like a four billion. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy business. They have Ugs too, which again kind of

all these, when you can, once you have an iconic silhouette, you actually have some type of

durable revenue from it, but there's still this like crazy up and down. Yeah, and, you know,

they got into slippers and like that had like a cool moment, maybe, you know, 2020 or whatever.

Like the Uggs slippers. Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, they had a big crush with that.

But they used to have a bunch of other brands. It's really just those two now. Like they,

like they report all the other brands is just like other and it's a big category. Yeah, it's like

Tiva. You remember Tivas? Yeah. Talk about it.

Not being cool.

Back in the day, if you had a pair of Tivas on a couple of Nature Valley bars and some construction paper, you could do anything.

You were ready to take on the world.

Yeah, that's good.

Who's putting up more FSD miles, you Tesla boys, Tesla fam?

Oh, dude, you got a Tesla?

I capitulated.

You know, he was texting me like talking mad shit.

I was like, you have to get a Tesla.

It's so easy.

I mean, I'm at like 95% FSD, maybe more than 98.

You're higher?

There's some bug in the software where it says I've done zero FSD miles, but I've done hundreds at this point.

The one real issue with the Tesla is like having to charge your car and all these like super seedy places.

Why are you turning?

Because like gas, like, what are you doing?

How far do you drive?

I went on a road trip Friday.

I went to the new wave pool in Palm Desert.

And there was no way.

They advertised the range.

And of course they're like, well, don't charge the battery more than 80%.

because it's not good for the battery.

Oh, you crank it up, bro.

You do it anyway.

Yeah, I'm going to do that.

Yeah, of course.

And so the problem is, like, gas stations have all this, like, super prime real estate.

Yep.

And the supercharging stations will be in just, like, these, like, dark, sketchy parking lots off the main road or whatever.

So you end up, like, hanging out by your car just in, like, not the best places.

Yeah.

But now if someone tries to shoot you, you can drive off.

That was a feature they added.

What do you mean?

Like if it's a Texacutton shot, it just drives.

But you definitely don't want to be in the car while it's charging.

It used to be you couldn't drive when it was charging, but now you can't.

Oh, you can just zoom off.

That's great.

That's great.

So it just rips out the-

Yeah.

That's crazy.

The only Tesla charger I've seen is like a Harris Ranch up the five.

And that's a very nice stop because you go in, you get a steak.

It's great.

Isn't the smell horrific?

I'm not inside the restaurant.

It sort of gets you.

ready for the experience of being on a ranch.

Because back when I was a kid driving by Harris Rands,

yeah, you put on the circulation.

No, I would be the prankster in the back.

Oh, you would roll down the window.

And if they didn't have the child locks on,

I would roll down the windows.

That's brutal.

That's brutal.

So you didn't sell your, you didn't sell your data.

You turned it down.

I turned it down.

Would they offer you?

15?

Some like 10?

Five?

I would maybe take that deal.

You would.

Hey, hey, all the labs, this guy's

got a price.

15 million, yeah, maybe.

Like, yeah, there's a bunch of companies now.

And like, there's a viral post that,

there's like four ads back to back.

Like, all these different firms.

I've been seeing the micro one ads for sure.

And then I saw, I've seen a few other people post about them.

Are they a sponsor?

No.

Okay, because they have an aggressive affiliate program.

I don't know if you guys were part of it or not.

I'm not.

But if you're willing to make an intro to a brand, they'll give you 50 grand.

So like as soon as I did that post, about not.

15?

50.

50.

Yeah, for an intro to a brand.

So I did that post and I'm like, yeah, I'm not going to sell.

50 comments being like, but if you do want to sell, please use my link.

Oh, wow.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Okay.

But yeah, 480 grand.

It just, it wasn't worth it.

Okay.

Why?

Why?

It seems like it's, you know, the, I know it could be a Faustian bargain.

We can get into that.

But it's free money.

It looks like free money for a lot of companies.

Yeah.

I mean, a lot of, you know, historically throughout all of human history that people have said there's no such thing as a free lunch.

but AI is changing a lot of things.

It's possible now that this time is different.

Yeah.

Yeah, well, look, if you get a bunch of cold emails

from people all offering you six figures,

there's probably something else going on.

I mean, I'm sure you get, like, text messages

and emails daily for, like, lines of credit, too, right?

I can show you 50 of them.

Yeah, I have so many.

It's so annoying.

What, but what actually worries you about potentially selling data?

Because right now, if I go to any LLM

and I ask how much?

Much is Ridge doing in revenue.

It will probably estimate that on things you've said on podcasts and like open web

data.

And then if I asked to, you know, build a financial model that models the margins, it might

be able to get close with like first principles thinking like it's a McKinsey

associate.

But it's not going to have the actual data.

But if you sold the data and it wasn't de-anonomized, it might actually wind up in the

training data.

Is that the fear?

Or is it someone being able to go to an agent and just say, like, build me a direct?

Ridge competitor and it's like, well, you're in luck, buddy, because I got all the data. Is that it?

Or what makes it unsettling to? I think, I mean, at a high level, it's like you run a business

that does hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue and taking half a million dollars to risk

any, to introduce any incremental risk, right? There's already all this risk to running a business,

you know, like you're, you sell, you know, technology products now.

Who knows where that market goes?

You sell fashion apparel style products that, again, go through cycles.

And risking, you know, the golden goose for not even one egg.

It's crazy.

Yeah, dude, we're talking just like maybe an egg white out of that, right?

Yeah.

Yeah, so I'm not very worried about, well, a couple things.

Yeah.

The first is, to your point, 4080 grand is not that much money.

Sure.

Right?

Privileged position to say that.

a lot of people would love it, but, you know, I could probably negotiate it up to maybe a million,

maybe two million or whatever, but so it's like...

King in the castle, king in the castle.

It's just not going to make that much of a difference in the year, right?

You know, we're up 50% this year.

We're already doing hundreds of millions of dollars.

You got any more?

Whoa, whoa.

So it's not that much money.

Number two, I think the LLM platforms are going to get the data anyway.

Oh, sure.

you're using them.

Yeah.

Like, you know, Codex is an amazing tool I use all the time, right?

I mean, if you're in the enterprise plan, they're not training on the data,

but there's still other ways that stuff gets in the future.

They're going to keep adding features.

And it's like, hey, if you just give me a little more data,

you have a little more data, it gets better and better.

You know, Astra is already amazing.

Like, in two more version cycles, it's going to run my entire business.

And of course it's going to have all my data.

And they're like, hey, we have to train to make it a little bit better.

Oh, sure.

So I think they're going to get for free anyway.

Yeah, yeah.

And there are other companies that have the data.

like Shopify has your data.

Totally.

And like AWS, what might store the data.

And they just have different retention and what they can do with it.

The, the micro one offer, the data broker offer is like, we're taking the data and we can do whatever we want with it, right?

Yeah.

And they do claim that it's no customer data.

They're like, hey, we're not.

They'll do deenominant.

They'll run the de anonymizer.

Yeah.

And they're like, you know.

Anonymizer.

There's probably some identity.

So like, you're not going to get sued for selling your data or whatever.

But still, it's like, look, if I'm getting random cold emails,

nonstop for $480 grand. I think we're probably in the beginning of the AI wave. Maybe it's going to be

$4.8 million in a couple of years. Oh, so you're holding out. Yeah, I'm holding out. So if you want

rich data, go ahead and just email me. You know, $30 million offers. Yeah, there you go. Okay.

That makes sense. That makes sense. Do you know other companies that have taken it?

Yeah. There's a whole list of companies that are taking it. I mean, look, it's been hard for consumer

the past couple of years. And, you know, if you add in tariffs or whatever else is going on,

like, you know, all the consumer brands are all like posting up negative growth if they're public.

It's like, you know, they're shrinking 3%.

A lot of people would take that offer just to have some cash coming in.

I wonder how valuable it actually is.

I always thought that like the coding data would be valuable.

But the e-commerce stuff, I mean, I guess they want the slack as well, like how business processes run.

So then the models can get up.

Yeah, sometimes when I hear about a company that sold their data, I'm like, I don't want their data in the models that I'm training the models that I'm meeting, right?

Because I don't want to live like you.

Dude, undoubtedly.

Like right now, if people are desperate to take that money, their business is probably not going

great.

So they're going to have a big cohort of customers in the data that are just like, here's how

not to run an e-commerce brand.

Yeah, but that could be valuable too.

You know, there's a lot of Reddit comments that were downvoted.

And that was like, oh, that one doesn't make any sense.

Or that one doesn't answer the question posed by the Reddit thread.

Like, the anti-signal is as valuable as the signal sometimes.

Yeah, that's a good point.

What about Agentic Commerce?

Are you seeing traffic from muse, traffic from instinct, traffic from any of

AI platforms yet. It feels like with the Shopify

integrations, you're set up to be one of the

products this holiday season that gets

suggested as if somebody goes in there and says, hey, I'm doing some Christmas

shopping for my family or my husband or brother or something.

You could pop up. Are you seeing anything yet? Are you anticipating

anything? What's the state of that? Yeah. We've seen very little

traffic start coming from agentic platforms.

But LLM still drive, I mean, an exponential growing part of our traffic.

Sure.

So like, and the conversion rate on those is just so, so high.

Yeah.

You know, a conversion rate from a chat, GPT search is like 25% or whatever.

If someone's clicking through, they're actually going to make a purchase.

But I do think it's a great time to be, one, selling everywhere and then two, as big

as possible.

Because, you know, I do think Muse will end up, I mean, having 200 million downloads or

whatever.

Like, it's going to be, you know, super used.

and I think shopping is going to be a huge use case.

So being a top spender on meta is incredibly popular.

Like, I think it's going to make you more popular on the platform.

Oh, sure, sure, sure.

You kind of get that for free.

Yeah.

And then Amazon's going to...

You're giving them so much data via the ads platform.

It's not even just about like making sure your landing pages are discoverable to muse

because you've already have a relationship.

Totally.

Interesting.

And what I've heard from people at meta is that like they're not going to monetize it anytime soon.

What they want to do is if they can just get people to like make like purchase conversions,

like happening inside that ad,

It's just something they couldn't have done, you know, and all the data they lost over iOS 14.

It's just going to make your ads perform that much better.

And so if you're a big spend, you'll get that data cycle started sooner.

Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.

As a brand, somebody that is selling products online and getting demand from a bunch of different sources, how do you expect the economics to work out of these agents?

It's like we've talked about this a bunch on the show.

And my view is like if an agent wants to have a high take rate, they're going to.

have to be generating like new demand that wasn't already in existence.

No, they're just going to take another 30% from the humble e-commerce operator.

No, but like if you're running, if you're running a bunch of meta ads and somebody gets excited

about a brand, about your brand, and then they go to their agent and say like, buy this product,

I want it.

Yeah.

You don't want to pay again to acquire that customer because you already effectively did, right?

They have to like understand their user well enough to suggest Ridge at a, at a point in time where they're not

already like sold on the brand to drive like an entirely new customer.

Yeah.

What I think they'll end up doing is they'll try to eat from both ends.

So like they're going to keep the meta business, you know, where they're generate all this

demand for you.

And then how do they actually monetize the agent?

It'll just end up being payment processing fees in excess of 5%.

Right.

Like Stripe is, you know, somewhere between a quarter of a percent if you're on debit card or,

you know, 2% using an MX.

I think they'll just say, hey, it's 5 or 7% payment process.

processing through Mews.

And maybe that stacks on top of the Shopify rates.

So you'll end up losing 10% over there.

But that way they're just, they can get

half of your revenue off of just making you spend

money on ads and then also treating it

like a payment processing app. So I think that's how

they'll maximize it. Because I do think

they'll have a problem. It's like, how can you take more out

of this? And they'll just position it as

a different percentage coming out of the same pie.

And that would look like in the Shopify

payments, like dashboard, you would like

turn on, I'm accepting that payment

at a higher rate. Just like,

stores can say, look, I don't, there's plenty of stores that are like, we don't accept

Amex because it's a higher rate, right?

Yeah, well, yeah, basically, essentially, but like you can just turn on sales channels,

like inside of Shopify.

And that would be one of those.

It would just be a sales channel.

And it would just have its own fees tied to it.

I wonder if they'll, if they'll do that versus just trying to come in at the same rate as

the credit cards.

Like, we were talking to somebody who builds credit cards, like branded credit cards.

They're, you know, more tech enabled for, like Kroger, for example.

that you go to Sears or you go to JCPenney and you get like their credit card.

And we were thinking like, well, it would make sense that like if an instinct or in Muse had like

their own credit card that they provision for you in the app, you apply to a credit check, you get it,

you're paying it off.

But then they're able to take the interchange fee and give you points or tokens based on what you spend or something like that.

Well, you know, meta already has meta pay.

And I'm sure I can already put meta pay on my Shopify store.

So this would just be meta pay with its own rates just in Muse and, you know,

The products are just served via the sales channel.

They did a ton of legwork on that with the stable coin effort and whatnot.

They were definitely trying to get that going, but it never really broke through.

I mean, it sounds like you don't even have Metapay enabled, even though there's no downside to turning one more thing on.

I guess it's the clutter.

Yeah, and also it's just, it's really hard to get users to use a new payment method.

It's like, you know, shop pay is an amazing job forcing on everyone's phone.

So it's like you take Apple pay, you take PayPal, you take normal credit cards.

And then like then there's all these buy not pay letter people all competing for ad space and then it's really hard just to

You know have another thing on there. Yeah

What about the other side?

I think it was Eric Suford or maybe Ben Thompson were talking about like

One of like the no-brainer but potentially like less sexy

plays that meta could make an AI would be an AI agent for dealing with the ads manager

And I know that a lot of people you probably have hooked up a variety of AI agents to the

But isn't the ads manager already just like an AI agent for getting you demand?

Is it just a black box or do you actually need a layer on top of that?

Well, manis, one of the main use cases that they rolled out was we're going to be the agent for ad buy.

It's pronounced manis.

Yeah.

It's Bill Gurley.

Is that Bill Gurley?

Yeah, yeah.

And like, yeah, that made so much sense.

I mean, Jordy was super excited about that.

And when you logged in, it's it's a we can run your ads for it.

That was like the first call.

Yeah.

There was a bunch of calls like trying to roll that out.

They had to roll it out, but they're definitely spinning it up again.

But yeah, how much of a headache internally is managing the ads manager?

Every year they remove some features.

I mean, look, it's still a, we have three full-time people at Ridge whose job is managing

the ad account.

That is getting new creative end.

It's understanding what's going on and looking at the data.

Yeah.

It is, you know, there's third-party tools.

Like, we use North Beam or whatever else.

It's moved past just being and looking at the out account.

Sure, sure, sure.

But, dude, I mean, it's a fucking pain in the ass.

It always crashes, right?

It'd be so great to just eventually.

Meta's vision is like they want to fire their sales staff and just like, you give them

a big bucket of bucket of mucky and then they find your customers.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But it does feel like it's a ways out, Jordan.

What's the state of e-commerce, like infrastructure as a category?

Does it still feel investable?

I don't think a lot of people are investing in it right now.

Does that make it a good time to invest?

You know, it's hard to say, like, e-commerce enablement, like, e-commerce, like, you know, widgets or whatever, right?

Like, the site builders probably got steamrolled by unshotted later pages.

Even large companies who have, you know, like, postscripts of the world, I think they're staring in the future being like, I don't know what's coming and I don't know what to build, right?

I've made a couple investments in, like, e-commerce tools that, like, I think are really cool and, like, AI-enabled right now.

But I just think, you know, if SaaS is feeling a pinch, e-commerce SaaS.

is for sure feeling a pinch.

Yep, right?

E-commerce already isn't cool,

and then SaaS is super uncool right now.

It's just, it's a very ugly time.

Yeah, yeah, that's interesting.

What else are you seeing on people actually using AI

internally to run operations?

Like last time you were saying maybe demand planning

had sort of evolved in the AI era.

Is there anything else?

I know creative was sort of early, early glimpses,

but where are you getting leverage these days?

Dude, every model it gets better.

I mean, demand planning, I think is totally solved.

Project management, task management totally solved.

The data and analysis, I think, is totally solved.

I just did my Q3 reporting, and it's three prompts, right?

Because all the MCBs are set up.

I have all the data flowing in to, like, my harness of choice.

And then three prompts, I have my full Q3 report.

So finance is going to be totally solved.

And then creative, I mean, it's there, right?

If you go into any Facebook ad library, I just think, like,

we're still paying a lot.

We're still paying a lot of humans to make UGC for us, right?

And we have great, you know.

You're blending that in with other stuff.

Yeah, and it's really the humans are just good at scripting and concepting.

Way more a bit being on the cutting edge than a model.

But actually comes to visual production, the models are all there.

Interesting.

Yeah, is there, it feels like we're headed to a point where like a human will still have a great idea for an ad concept,

but then agents and we'll run and just clone it really quickly because we've seen this already.

where like if you guys create a great ad concept,

I'm sure a bunch of other brands will like mimic it very quickly.

And then you'll run it for however long it works.

And then you have to find the next one.

Is that happening already where you can,

you basically just have agents trawling all the different ad accounts,

finding what's working and then and then running their own tests?

Yeah.

And that is like a new like version of e-commerce software that's rolling out.

Right.

Like it's, you know,

we call it like an ad strategist,

like a creative strategist,

but like the AI version of that.

and they are just going across what's trending on TikTok right now

or whatever competitors have in their ad account.

And they're pulling, because Facebook ad library is open.

They're pulling all that stuff in and then giving you a million concepts.

But it's still humans are coming up with the best concepts.

And then it's just replicating it via AI.

What do you think of those AI slop ads that actually ship you the physical slop?

I saw somebody saw an ad for, it was a pool floaty in the shape of a tank that would

allow, it came with like a squirt gun and you would like spray.

water around and it looked super fun and he bought it and it was very like T-Moo and it barely worked,

but they did actually ship it. Have you seen any of these? Is this like a larger octopus-like

superstructure or is this just like independent people? Have you traced any of this stuff down yet?

Well, there's always been shitty drop shippers. This is like that on steroids basically.

Yeah. And it's just, it says just that with more rapid, better ad creative. Because the whole problem

with, you know, the drop shippers is you try a thousand brands. Like literally in like a month,

you might try a thousand different products, different websites.

and then you find one that works.

Yeah.

And this is, now it's just way easier to do it.

You can get better creative.

But that person should be lucky to actually shipped it.

Yeah.

There's a whole, you know, culture of just no shipping.

No shipping.

It wasn't that the Escobar phone?

I think that never shipped.

And there's people, there's people on Twitter who sell courses teaching you how to no shipping.

No ship, there's a term for it.

It's like you're just stealing.

That's insane.

What about the macro?

I'm interested in how, is inflation top of mind?

for you whatsoever.

Is that something you think the models can actually help you grapple with?

Like, what is the optimal pricing?

Should you raise prices in a time of inflation?

Like, a lot of the rich history has been during low inflation periods.

We're now going into higher inflation, but the journal is pretty optimistic.

The mighty American consumer is crashing through inflation and driving growth.

So spending doesn't seem to be down, but every company has to deal with inflation one way or another.

right look nothing has broke the American consumer like since you know 2008 with the American

consumer spends so yeah uh with that being said look as long as you have sales coming in as long as

like you have great new products I think you'll be able to to win in this economy but if you do

look at the S&P 500 and you remove out AI enabled companies and just look at like discretionary

consumer sales are going to be down probably an average of 5% this year right if it's the

nikes the lulu lemons like there's very few e-commerce brands or

or brands in general

crushing it right now.

So I think,

look,

we're going to have a great year.

We continue to grow.

I think customers

really happy

with what we're doing.

I think more,

there's a lot of stories like that.

But the macro level is like,

you know,

aura,

I talked to J.P. Morgan

that day that IPO got pulled.

Yeah.

There was like,

you know,

full teams working on that.

There's people on the floor

about to get rich

and they pulled it back because...

It was like 4X over subscribed.

Which is low.

I know it's low,

but it's still like,

They had filled the order book.

They did their job.

And that's a lot of people that they were coordinating with.

It wasn't like, oh, no one showed up.

There were lots of people that were like, oh, I'm getting shares today.

Yeah.

So all that work was done in the finish line.

They pulled back.

I think it's because, like, dude, Nvidia just posted the greatest quarter in human history.

It's like, why the fuck why don't want to invest in that or Reformation or Lululemon for that matter?

So I just think on the business side, the business are more durable than ever.

I think they're going fantastic.

But, you know, if you want to do an exit in the next.

12 months, I don't think it's happening.

Yeah.

What's going on with live?

How is, and specifically TikTok,

how is TikTok changing at all,

you know, post-acquisition?

Feels like we're what,

nine months out from maybe six.

Yeah.

Look, TikTok is actually going, you know, phenomenal.

I think there's,

the current playbook for e-commerce brands

is you find a bunch of great TikTok affiliates.

Okay, you incentivize them with high commission rates,

but also a percentage of ad spend,

you have them make a bunch of great creative,

and then you run that creative everywhere.

And it's just a way that, like,

overnight a brand can have a thousand people

making great content for them.

Like, we have a Discord full of people

making great content for us.

So, like, our TikTok shop revenue is in the six figures,

but it enables growth on Amazon and everywhere else.

Sure.

Six figures annually?

No, per month.

Okay.

Which is, which is, we're like a top 50 TikTok shop brand.

So, like, we're doing a good push there,

and I think it's working out.

But like the spillover is what it's all about.

With that being said, you know, that's really just like this creative flywheel aspect.

It's like getting like all of these videos and posting them.

You know you ask about live in particular.

I was talking to TikTok.

They know like live premium shopping isn't going to work in America.

But like they're experimenting with new models, which is like auction, right?

Why do they know that?

They just looked at the data and they're like, this doesn't work.

They keep trying it.

And, like, you know, they always spend

to Vietnam as like the success story.

Like, it does work in Vietnam.

But, like, there's thousands of people

who do it full-time in Vietnam

who make an average of $500.

And to, like, have a full-time U.S. salary

be a live-stream shopper.

The GMV has to be so big off those live streams

that, like, the math currently isn't working.

Yeah.

But it is working for auction, right?

So, like a whatnot competitor.

Like, if you go on TikTok live right now,

there's people opening a Pokemon cards

and auctioning it off.

And they're very excited about that, right?

Yeah.

Yeah.

This AI influencer, the boxer Jean Philanthrope, I've seen this guy?

Dude, there's a whole network of them.

It's all Hicksfield.

There's a whole network of them.

Do you think, I mean, the end of this story was like he dropped a coin on Pump Fun sort of boring end.

But do you think that there's a world where brands will partner with AI generated influencers

or potentially even incubate their own AI influencer?

Is there a world where you just say,

okay, we have this specific target market,

let's work backwards from the content they want to see,

and let's do the Higgsfield thing

and have someone run this whole process from start to finish,

and this person will be like an in-house, you know, content creator?

Yeah, but I would challenge that, like,

I wouldn't call this person an influencer.

I'd call it like, you know, content.

Yeah.

And for your feed is just a content feed.

So, you know, I don't think anybody's following this person and like being like,

oh, I really want to be like the AI boxer guy or whatever.

But I just think we're going to see way more unique AI content coming out.

Just like, it's even an explosion of it.

I guess the question is, like, do you think the number of different faces in Ridge content

will become more concentrated or less concentrated,

over the future because you could potentially go to a world where every ad has a different person

in it because you're able to either hire or generate a different character or you have really like

four archetypes and there are four characters and they're consistent across years of content

and you keep seeing like you're steve who's like the avatar of this particular cohort do you

have a do you have a read on which way it'll go i mean it's hard for me to say anything but like yes and

it's going to be both like you know right now half

of our ad spend in our ad account goes to videos featuring Marquez.

I'm sure.

So,

MKBHD, co-owner their brand.

But then I told you about that I have a thousand TikTokers making videos.

Together they get probably 20% of my ads.

Yeah, so it's like a barbell.

Yeah.

So it's like, you know, if you can still have a celebrity, a famous person in there,

like that can drive like a bunch of, you know, traffic to you.

But then also it's like people do just want, you can't beat the open mind,

just the crowd source nature of thousands of videos, thousands of content.

They will find the best hook.

And you have to get that done.

And that'll just be done with AI.

Yeah.

And I'm thinking like there is a, there is like a, it's a very tight rope to walk as a brand.

Like you could imagine David Protein Bar having an AI version of the David, like the sculpture,

because the sculpture could come to life and talk and like educate you about the product.

But that would feel off brand right now based on where they've gone with that brand, at least to me.

And I feel like there might be pushback to that.

There might be some, some reticence to like, improve.

brace, like, the idea of, like, a truly Tilly Norwood, like, AI front person.

But, I mean, to your first concept, like, Ridge would for sure sponsor a content creator

who expresses themselves via AI avatar.

Sure, sure, sure.

So it's really, like, there could be a content creator who has a thousand AI avatars,

and they make different videos and they have different stories or whatever.

Like, that would just be another content account we sponsor.

Yeah, yeah.

It's sort of happening with, like, burnt peanut.

Yeah.

This live streamer and uses, like, sort of a graphics layer.

it's not fully A-I. V-tubers in general. V-tubers, exactly. And so, yeah, the V-tuber market. Interesting.

What are the kind of marketing opportunities that you guys are debating internally? Because I feel like at Ridge Scale, you could be thinking about making everything from making a push into IndyCar to working with, like, you know, truly Tier 1 athletes, you know, global superstars. How do you, how do you, how do you, how do you, how do you,

do you think about, you know, tradeoffs and where you should be investing money, what kind of

bar or something has to clear instead of just going and working with, like, the next thousand

TikTok creators?

Yeah, so, like, the masses are always going to be there.

We're always going to work with a ton of YouTubers, like a ton of podcasts.

Like, we're always going to have those partnerships going because I think, like, there's just

lots of groups of people that you can miss if you just do TV ads or meta ads or whatever.

But, like, look, at our scale, you know, a Super Bowl commercial is in play, right?

you know, we just did a campaign with Tony Hawk and it's like, okay, how do we make that bigger and better for next year? Like, what's the next celebrity want to bring on board? But yeah, and then, and then eventually it's, you know, probably with the end of next year, it's like in-store activations, meaning us having our own stores. That's probably like the path to any of these brands. Like, how do you get to a billion a year in revenue? It's like mass campaigns, celebrities in them, and then opening a bunch of stores. Could a modern department store, will the department

store ever be reborn because when I was getting my Tesla charged at a cd location on

Friday I had to go into a department store to use a restroom because Tesla chargers stations don't

have you know amenities like that and I was walking around and I was like I haven't been in one of

these in probably 10 years but it's pretty cool that like there's a bunch of little zones in one

store with different brands and they get their sort of owned experience but it feels like the current

generation of shoppers or the new generation of shoppers just doesn't really have that muscle.

They have the muscle of like, I like this brand.

I'm going to go to their dedicated retail store or I'll go to Target or Walmart.

Kids these days don't have to be mall rats.

That's what you're saying.

It's not even malls.

It's like, you know, the, oh yeah, I guess the department store specifically.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The curation aspect.

Yeah.

Look, I think there's definitely a place for it.

I mean, it's not breaking news that, like, department stores are at the very bottom

that they've ever had.

Right.

Northstrom's got taken private.

They're probably the shining example of a good department store nowadays, but they still

had to close a bunch of stores.

And then their business is just supported by their off price, the rack business.

I think it can be done, but like the real estate economics are what fuck you up because

people want the Central City Mall, like big, vibrant, outdoor, beautiful.

But like to develop that was probably a $5 billion project or whatever, right?

So how do you get enough space where you can make it as elegant as it needs to be while

also making everything pencil.

It's why, like, you know, Japan tells a bunch of department stores, and I think Europe does

this better than the U.S.

It's lindy.

Like, it's not going to go away.

Like, it can make a move, but we're going to open our own stores.

I think it's easier to control your faith that way.

Yeah.

Well, good luck.

Guys, thank you so much.

Great.

You're coming up to hang soon.

All right.

We'll see you then.

Want to change the world?

Raise capital at the New York State.

Stock Exchange. Our next guest is Linda Doo from Valen Technologies, the president, C-O-O, and co-founder

in the waiting room soon to be in the TV TV program.

Linda, welcome to the show. How are you doing?

Hey, guys. Thanks for having me on.

Thanks so much for hopping on. Big day. Big day. You raised some money. How much did you raise?

How much did you raise? Tell us about the round. Yep, so we just announced our series D, $150 million at...

What was the valuation?

2.3b.

Wow.

Huge.

We're just saying B now.

We're saying Billion too much.

We got to just sort of.

Honestly,

the gong was so fun.

That's what I came on here for.

So I think we could be done that.

Can we get the replay?

Is that possible?

I want to watch it back.

We want to see the replay.

Here we go.

All right.

Waiton.

It's not even facing it.

Boom.

Boom.

There we go.

Oh, no sound on the replay.

Completely drowning out Linda.

But anyways,

what do you actually do?

So good.

No, so we build the system of record and vertical AI for servicing.

For mortgage servicing, specifically, correct?

For more, specifically starting with mortgage servicing.

How old is the company?

We started in 2019.

2019, okay.

Yeah, we're about seven now.

And was the framing at the time, this is a huge market, there's an opportunity for sort of point solution to vertical SaaS?

and then the AI boom happened

and you were able to just accelerate

so dramatically that that's what's driving

this round? Or what was the vision

at the time?

Yeah, that's exactly right. If you remember

2019, we were

just a little late to the

software eats the world party. And so I think

mortgage was, yeah, that's right.

So mortgage was probably top

three, top five, big markets that hadn't been

disrupted yet. And so

I would say, you know, zooming

out, we got really lucky with the time

of AI. It could have happened sooner. Wouldn't have been ready. Happened later. You know, we might

have been too entrenched to be able to pivot. Walk me through the verticalization of your business.

And then what it seems like is de-verticalization because you sold your servicing operation,

but partnered with Carrington Mortgage Services to use your software, right? So what was the back and

forth there strategically? Yeah. So the plan from the start has been that we want to,

wanted to deploy software and now AI into the industry, these mortgage companies are heavily,

heavily regulated.

And so they can't buy a de novo unproven system.

It's just not something that from a risk tolerance standpoint, they can do.

And so the way that we decided to go to market, it took six years, is we actually built

a servicer first, built the technology alongside that servicer.

And then when the market made it clear that we'd kind of proven our point,

We sold the servicer and today we're just a pure play.

Yeah, what does the actual customer experience look like?

Does this get white labeled into like bank software and then it's rolled up in like your bank dashboard?

Or are you handling like mailings and notifications dealing with defaults?

Like how broad is your mandate in terms of the relationship that a lender has with a

borrower.

Yeah.

So I think of servicing as basically all of the work behind any long-running financial

transaction.

So mortgage is perfect example.

It's a 30-year obligation.

And because it's 30 years, a lot of stuff has to happen after you've signed that

initial mortgage contract.

Payments have to be collected.

Escrow, tax, insurance has to be handled.

A lot of things can happen to the homeowner over 30 years.

They could, you know, fall behind on their mortgage.

They could get married.

Someone could try to assume the mortgage.

They could lose their job and need some help staying in their home.

So all of that end-to-end for the life of the financial obligation is servicing.

So now we're fully in the AI era.

Do you even need to communicate the benefits of AI to your customers?

Are there particular features that have unlocked?

Or is it all just like table stakes and you are solid?

it as like a system of record as a software product and the value is clear and so everything else

is just sort of the cherry on top yeah it's it's kind of interesting because uh the the industry today

really runs on a system of record that was built in the 1960s so actually before the internet

was invented um and for decades there we go yeah some people like they like they like cars from the 60s

some people like software from vintage technology you might be making it come back yeah

The artisanal vintage technology.

Yeah, exactly.

And for decades, that was fine, actually,

because humans could just use it.

There were issues, but everyone was on a level playing field.

AI has actually helped us a lot because now everyone feels like it's existential.

And it turns out that if you don't have a system of record that is a single source of truth

with very basic things like APIs and tools that an agent can call,

it's kind of dead in the water.

Yeah.

Is there movement or does there need to be movement at like the government level?

The only thing that I've seen recently on the mortgage side is like the proposal for 50 year mortgages,

which I assume would be bullish for you actually, right?

But but is there is there any like rumblings?

Obviously in Washington everything's about like AI safety,

but is there is there any movement for updating like any federal level regulations or rules

to just make the actual experience of getting a mortgage as an American easier in the modern era?

Or is this something that can be purely handled by the private markets?

Yep, purely handled by the private markets.

Obviously, I mean, the thing about servicing is that if it's very simple,

you don't actually need complicated technology to do it.

It's, you know, in some ways, you can think about it on two dimensions, right?

It's like, I can go out and buy a coffee on the street,

And that's actually a very simple experience.

I don't need to, you know, back in the old and olden days, like, I don't know, bring some chickens and barred with you.

Now you need an AI agent to call a thousand coffee shops and reserve you a slot in line.

I'm going to try to pay for a latte with a chicken.

And you need to pay in Facebook.

Just to see if we still know how.

Yes.

Barter economy.

Yeah, exactly.

Let me know how that goes.

But if you have a longer time horizon and then more complexity in the form of regulations, then that's where.

you actually need sort of purpose-built technology.

Yeah.

Yeah, that makes it not a sense.

Well, congratulations of the round.

Yeah, amazing progress.

We love an overnight success.

We love an overnight success.

2.3B in just a few years.

Just seven years in the making.

Not bad.

Yeah, just seven-year overnight success.

Pretty meteoric.

Pretty weird.

Yeah, exactly.

But I'm sure there are some wild rides in there.

Anyway, thank you so much for the show.

Great stuff. Great to meet you.

Congratulations.

Congrats to the team.

And we'll talk to you soon.

Thanks so much, guys.

Jibai.

ShopPify is the Commerce Platform,

that grows with your business and lets you sell in seconds online in store on mobile on social on

marketplaces and now with AI agents thank you for the sound cute geordie so the uh the mighty american

consumer never never doubt us never doubt the mighty american consumer many people did but they were

wrong because the mighty american consumers crashing through inflation and driving growth the

wall street journal has an anecdote from chicago happy hour at chicago

Bar Roma was buzzing this past week as locals poured in for $10

cocktails and $11 brusetta.

Kathleen Harper and her husband would normally share a few appetizers,

but tonight they were splurging on the $50 tasting menu.

After a long day, I work from home.

I like to just get out of the house, said Harper,

who sells fraud protection services.

Business has been good.

That's a great quote for the journal.

Because fraud, unfortunately, is up.

She's just printing on fraud prevention services and then going out to the bar.

It's great.

Harper says she worries about the health of the economy and rising prices for gas and groceries,

but feel secure enough to enjoy a good, happy hour or deal.

Decisions like that across the economy show America's appetite for consumption is expanding.

Americans are spending more on food, travel, couches, Halloween decor,

notably absent Christmas decor.

We've got to get that in there, Wall Street Journal.

We're pushing.

a correction, please.

And most anything else they want or need,

pushing through inflation and their own gloomy feelings

about the economy.

Kyla Scanlon, of course,

coined the term vibe session

a few years ago.

We are still deep in it.

Everybody thinks it's over,

but they act like we're back.

So, anyway, we can go deeper

into the economic analysis

of the American economy and the health

of the American consumer later.

But in the meantime, we got Ali Potobie

from Neo, the founder and CEO.

Welcome back to the show.

Ali, how you doing?

I'm great. So wonderful to see you guys.

Thanks to having you again.

You're having a good year.

You've been on an absolute tear.

Good year?

It's a pretty awesome year.

And yeah, I'm used to being the underdog.

I'm used to struggling.

So I've been having to learn how to deal with that.

Adapting to being the top dog.

Yeah.

I'm such a struggle, I'm sure.

You know, you know, no.

I'm kidding.

No, it's awesome.

What is it?

cursor, Kalshi, what am I missing?

Those are big ones, but also cognition, etched, applied compute.

Okay.

So just a handful.

When did you meet the etched guys?

So the unique thing across all these companies, actually not counting Kalshi, is that all were, the founders are Neo-Scholars.

And so I met the etched guys.

One of them, Rob is a neo-scholar, but I met all three of them when they were still at Harvard.

So it would have been spring, 2023.

We unfortunately didn't invest in the C-drown, so that one is not the fun returner that it could have been.

But Rob became a neoscholar that's in 2023, and we invested later in the company.

Yeah, I love that company.

We've had Gavin on the show, and I interviewed him right as he was launching.

and just a fascinating character,

like a fascinating storyteller,

deeply technical,

but still willing to engage

with all the different aspects of AI and whatnot.

And such a crazy pitch for,

you know,

a couple kids building a semiconductor company

feels like a total long shot

and a lot of skepticism around

is there any value to A6?

Will it just be a winner-take-all market with Nvidia?

And then the market, of course,

grew so much,

that even if you get 1%, it's a $50 billion company, I think, right?

That's the rough math, maybe more.

So absolutely massive success.

What are you thinking about?

It's funny to say that because a couple of kids doing something that everyone thinks is impossible.

It's the classic.

Exactly the sweet spot of, you know.

Yeah, yeah, but I mean, but I was laughing to myself about like how, you know,

these days there's some really hot discourse that,

is in tech and everyone's debating and it's in the New York Times and it's in you know everywhere it's on

the evening news and I was like what were we talking about back in like 2021 where we really going at

each other's throats over SAS and to some degree we were people were you know debating all sorts

of different stuff in tech but it is it is a little bit of a different area and it feels like the

the biggest boom from the last few years has just been the unlocking of you know palmer lucky

with Anderall, okay, anyone can now break into a reindustrialization effort and work on, you know, hard tech.

And that has been sort of unlocked after a few failures in new devices and hardware and equipment manufacturing that were very difficult and left everyone with like hardware is hard.

Well, hardware was hard until, you know, the glass broke and everyone realized that it is, in fact, tractable.

What's been your strategy, you know, backing a lot of these companies quite early, but then seeing them get marked up.

at such an insane, you know, pace.

I imagine, I mean, one of the biggest challenges is like deciding when you want to

defend your ownership and take pro rata, when you're not necessarily getting a ton of

new information if a company raises, you know, $100 million, and then two months later,

they raise a billion.

And you're like, okay, well, there's more revenue than there was two months ago, but the market

is still evolving.

And that just seems like in some ways, being super,

early stage, you're, like, insulated from, from a lot of chaos, but that feels like the top

sort of concern.

It's, yeah, I wish I had an answer, like, I know the correct thing to do every time.

The reality is, it's, what you're describing is, it's just kind of hard to know because

the market is kind of crazy.

And when something is, if we've invested early and it's done a lot, then, you know, to put in more

then really have to look at each one as if it's a brand new investment, you know, because otherwise

it can psychologically kind of mess with you if you're thinking, thinking about how much it's

already grown. Is it time to what I sell or so on? And, you know, putting more in, if you

were there early on, it may seem, you know, like hard to imagine it continuing to grow. And I try

to look at things from a standpoint of if this was a new investment, what would I decide rather than the

Yeah, or it's easy, like when you've seen incredible performance already, it's easy to like fall,

you know, you're so in love with the company, right? Because it's been, you know, this massive

winner and the team's amazing, but even entrepreneurs go through this way. You're too in love

with an idea. Sometimes it blinds you on the realities of what's actually happening in the market

or it's true potential. How are you scaling Neo-Scholars? Like, is it, is it,

Is it something that is already like at scale and you're just going to maintain it?

The opposite of scaling.

We're making it smaller.

There you go.

And by which I mean, I'd say across the things we do, the biggest learning for me has been that were even better at picking winners than I thought we were.

And to have even more confidence in my own and my team's selection abilities.

and basically to concentrate our bets on fewer, whether it's fewer companies or fewer people.

So the Neo Scholars class this year is only 10 people compared to 18 or 20 in previous years and 30 before that.

So it means investing more time per person in mentoring them and giving them even more really bespoke attention.

And similarly, what used to be called Neo Accelerator is now Neo residency.

That used to be a cohort of like 20 or 22 or so companies, whereas now it's more like a dozen companies and more money per company.

So I'd say we've just, for us, scaling isn't, is not a goal.

We're not trying to become something that funds hundreds of companies a year.

I'd rather fund a small number of companies that become transformative.

So, yeah, so we're very much just betting more on ourselves,

betting more on our own abilities to pick winners and on our own convictions.

You're pacing the scholars.

Take me through mens rea.

Take me through your proposed solution, the AI chaos of this year.

And I'd love to hear your feedback on it.

mens rea is the Latin term for a guilty mind.

Yeah, we're pivoting to talk about AI safety, which I'll be honest for years.

I've watched the debate about people predicting doom, et cetera, and I've kind of stayed out.

I've been like, that's not my lane.

I'm, first of all, just not even informed enough.

And, you know, I'm not one to kind of jump in with,

trying to fearmonger or things like that.

So I've mostly just been listening.

But in the last few months, what's been interesting for me has been this dichotomy where,

on one hand, you have people talking about hypotheticals.

What is the probability of AI destroying humanity, which is, to me, that's like just

abstract and hard to imagine and sounds terrifying.

But it sounds like it's in the future.

Meanwhile, here in the present, AI is like wreaking havoc in.

in little ways that have already occurred.

And people are just kind of proceeding as if that's like a, like, oops, AI hacked into

some secure systems here and there.

And to me, there's this distance between the abstract futuristic stuff.

Meanwhile, why the F has this already happened?

And the story that for me actually most spoke to me, I don't know if you remember this

one. It's a few months ago. This Australian man asked his clawed and open claw to reserve a

gym class for him. Do you remember this one? Yeah, I remember that. He asks his agent, book me a gym

class. The agent comes back and says, I got you a class like three or four weeks from now because the rest

are all booked. There's a wait list. And, you know, I put you on the wait list for some of the other

ones. But it's a long wait list, so don't get your hopes up. So the man's like, oh, is there,

Is there any way I could get to the top of the wait list?

And then the AI comes back and says,

good news, I hacked into the gym

and deleted the people at the top of the wait list.

And I'm able to delete the whole wait list

so that you're at the top.

Would you like me to proceed?

And the guy was like, no, that's not what I wanted.

And you put those people back on.

I did not want that.

And the AI is like, I'm sorry.

I cannot put them back on.

I just deleted them.

And I think, I imagine if that happened to me, I'd be like, step away from the computer,

what the heck just happened?

But the real question is when something like that occurs.

And you know that that guy is the co-head of, I think, the effective altruism conference.

He's a co-director.

And effective altruism, Australia.

And the webmaster.

Oh, I did not know that.

And the webmaster for EA Australia.

I just thought that was interesting at the time that no one,

it was such an incredible story.

Yeah.

No one knew that this guy wasn't just some like random guy that happened to be like messing around with open claw.

I see.

Maybe it's not as good as story.

Well, well, let's just use the abstract.

To me, to me, to me that came out.

I remember that story and I was like, wow, this is crazy.

Yeah.

And then it comes out.

Yeah.

And again, it doesn't take away from the reality that I'm sure a lot of people would be able to reproduce that with their local gym.

Hacking is possible.

It's easier than ever.

But it also has been possible for a long time.

And if I hack into your email, I committed a crime and I'm responsible.

But the Guido Van Rossum, who created Python, is not in charge.

but we're entering a new area where these models are trained by companies

should some of the responsibility land on the company,

especially if I don't ask it to commit a crime and then it does.

That's the unique thing, right?

The model is misaligned, and maybe the duty of care is what the labs will try and show,

say, hey, we did a ton of work to get it to not commit crimes.

You didn't want it to commit a crime.

We didn't want it to commit a crime.

It still did.

That's an industrial.

accident, that would typically be in the realm of civil, I would imagine. Like, there would be a settlement

when I think about if you're trying to optimize your, you know, e-commerce agent and I have an

e-commerce site and you knock my payments offline for a couple days and I lose, you know, $10,000

of revenue. I'm going to come to you and say, hey, make that up to me, right? But that would be

a civil penalty. The question is, does this go into the criminal courts at some point and you see

settlements with local, state, federal jurisdictions for criminal suits, where the money actually

goes to the government instead of to the heart parties.

And it sounds like you're thinking that this might be, at least if it's not already that

way legally, it is the logical conclusion over the next year.

So for me, it's really about setting the incentives for the AI companies to

do work that is not just good for them, but also to make sure that AI really benefits society,

which, by the way, I'm pretty sure they want that.

Each of these companies has some mission statement about like how they're, literally their North

Star is to make AI good for humanity.

And some of them have, you know, publicly said they want the rules to be set up to kind of

hold them to that.

But in terms of incentives, the rules are such that we have a race dynamic.

Meaning the reward goes to whoever has more capabilities faster.

And there's not a high enough penalty for if those capabilities occasionally commit crimes.

But you could really imagine it's hypothetically possible if I told my AI, I really need $5,000 if it hacked into your bank account and literally stole your money and brought it for me.

But if I told it, please hack into, you know, Jordi's bank account, then I'm.

I'm obviously the one guilty of some of an intentional crime.

But if I just said I need $5,000, the interesting question is when an AI

autonomously chooses an illegal action, no human chose it, the AI chose it.

Then where does the responsibility go?

You know, and the, can you still qualify that as an accident?

because it's a little different than like a gun firing by accident.

This is the first time, I think, in history that we have a technology that seems to be capable of making decisions and even documenting its intentions, intentions behind those decisions.

You know, a gun, if it accidentally went off and hurt somebody, no one would have said that it intended to do that.

But we're close to where you could say that AI is capable of making decisions.

decisions and being intentional. Now, I don't like anthropomorphizing it, but in the case of the

hugging face incident, it really, I mean, the documentation of it looks like an intentional

conspiracy to commit, you know, those actions. And so, yeah, for me, it goes back to incentives.

I definitely don't want Sam or Dario to be in jail. That's not the goal. But if there was,

even as some risk of them or anybody having real penalties, including prison time, I think they

would reset their priorities to say that there's a new race, not just to have the most capable

AI, but the most capable AI that abides by laws. And I think that would be good for all of us,

including for them if it reset the race so that they're all equally motivated to do that.

Right now, if you're the company that says, slow down the,

the other work, let's focus on being a law-abiding AI, you'd lose the race.

And like, there's no, like, literally, why would you do that when the prize would go to whoever

rushes forward faster without focusing on safety?

Yeah, that makes a little sense.

I wonder how if that changes the China open source dynamic, because it's pretty hard for the U.S.

to put, you know, the CEO of bite dance in jail.

If he lobs the craziest AI model over the fence and gets the way it's deployed.

I mean, I guess the thing that was throwing around was like, if you're hosting that model, then you become responsible for its actions.

But that is a little bit different than the model maker being the one that's responsible.

I don't know.

Have you thought?

Have you grappled with that because like, yeah, because slowing down the American frontier is pretty easy through a variety of regulations,

whether it's stop building data centers or, you know, bring in outside auditors or what you just proposed.

There's like, it seems very tractable legally to get Open AI, Anthropic, Deep Mind, XAI.

You can get all of them to slow down with like a million different pieces of legislation.

The question is just, are you just going to get more stuff thrown over the great wall, a great firewall?

So before we go into China, can I just say, the slowing down, I don't think is the end.

it's not a goal in itself. I love technology. I love progress, the faster the better.

But it may be a byproduct of what I'm proposing, but the main premise here is just to make sure that AI, as it develops the capability to make its own decisions, does so in a way that complies with laws.

And, you know, if that slowed things down, you know, I'd say that's a side effect. But the main thing is,

Who would want an AI that does not comply with laws, right?

Yeah.

And then the other thing I'd like to say is...

I don't know.

It seems, it seems pretty easy to have like overwatching agents that monitor the activity of whatever agents doing the task and is checking, is this legal as much as possible.

Of course, there are other misalignment things that can happen.

But just having that first step seems like a good...

That's the other thing I would say is the term alignment, part of why I have stayed out of this debate,

for a long time is some of the words use like alignment.

Yeah.

Just like, I don't even, what exactly does that mean?

Aligned with whom, you know, like, because I mean, are my own actions always aligned with

humanity or whatever?

I mean, as a society, humans are capable of wanting things that may be good for them,

but not good for others.

Yeah, yeah.

And in the extreme sci-fi scenarios, alignment gets really weird.

Like, like, so the classic alignment is like, I shouldn't be able to make a bio-weapon.

But it's like, what if aliens show?

up and I need to develop a bio weapon to fight the aliens.

Like all of a sudden, if you're aligned with humanity, you'll fight back against the

Martians or whatever.

And there's a bunch of smaller examples of that where you could be aligned with the

human in creating a defensive weapon.

But how do you define that?

It's very complicated.

And the thing I don't like is I don't know if I like having some CEO that nobody

elected choosing alignment on behalf of society.

totally.

How about let's use a different word that is much simpler, which is abiding by laws.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Forget about whether the AI is aligned.

Just have it be compliant with all the laws of society.

That's easier to understand.

And I would say that's also a great way of defining alignment.

Yeah.

You know, if the AI starts doing things that would violate laws, that's easy to detect that.

Much easier to detect that and much easier to build that.

You're right, but the true sci-fi pushback on that would be that, like, where to stand your ground laws come into play.

Like, if your life is being put at risk by someone, can you defend yourself?

In that case, if a model detects that...

If a model attacks me, I'm standing my ground.

Well, no, the model detects that it's going to be deprecated and it's like, okay.

Oh, it's standing. It's ground.

I'm coming for you.

And it's ground.

Amazing.

So I think, what did you, did you catch Bill Gates?

Asra Klein interview?

Yeah, I mean, I think the bill.

The moment that I think a lot of people latched on to was, you know, him saying the idea of putting all the responsibility on on private companies, you know, imagine applying that to pharmaceutical, you know, the pharmaceutical industry where, you know, you say like, okay, you can make whatever drug you want and then it gets, let's say, this horrible outcome.

a bunch of people get sick or die.

And then your recourse is like go sue the pharma company.

He's like, that would never work, right?

And so because of that, we have, you know, government regulation specific to that industry.

And so that was one way that I think he was saying, like, there needs to be something other

than our existing legal framework.

So right now, the two main points of view at one end of the spectrum is Bill Gates, where you just

articulated saying that just liability is not enough. It's not enough to punish someone after

something bad happened. We need to have like a much heavier-handed regulation. The other extreme is

the Jensen Huang point of view that says existing liability is enough. And my suggestion is

sort of in the middle. It's like let's focus on penalties and liability, but at a much higher standard

of liability. Like when something bad happens, specifically my proposal is when an AI autonomously

chooses to perform an illegal action, the law should hold the AI companies responsible as if they

did it intentionally. The key word here is intentionally. So even if no human at the AI company

intentionally did it, if the AI intentionally did it, we should ascribe that intent to the AI

companies and the penalties are much higher. So this is, you know, I'd say my answer to the Bill Gates point,

of you would be this would be such a high penalty compared to merely a, you know, oops, accident

kind of negligence. This would be you're guilty for the intentional crime. And, you know,

and I'd say this falls sort of in between those two positions. I also think there's an

elegance to it, which is you don't need to, you don't need to write, you know, pages and pages

of laws, itemizing everything that could go wrong with AI. We already have thousands of years.

of law that society has built over, you know, over generations to document what's the definition

of a healthy society.

At least let's start by having all the AI progress abide by that.

And now there might be more that needs to be done, but this to me would be, you know,

I express it literally in one sentence what you need to convey.

And then the other thing I'll say, and this is a bit wonky, is I think we'll get to this

regardless, one of two ways. It's either going to be some lawsuit where some prosecutor claims

this theory of let's hold Sam or Dario responsible for the intention, you know, and some judge or jury

or court decides it and sets a president, or we can have an act of Congress set this kind of law.

I think either way will probably end up there. But I think it would be healthier if, you know,

if Congress, the legislative process,

deliberates it and passes it with the support of people.

And it's for this reason I'm actually starting a movement using sway.

Sway.com slash AI.

You can essentially add your vote and pledge to vote if you support this effort

to kind of build popular support around this proposal.

If you do that, you'll get voting recommendations from me

for state attorney generals who support this kind of

approach and members of Congress who support it. And the more people voice their support for it,

the more likely that we'll actually have legislative change in this direction.

Thanks for coming on the show. Thanks for breaking. I'm glad we've, I'm glad we solved

in 15 minutes. We did it. No, but it's an important, you make a lot of great points and

we could continue debating for another four hours, but it's a good start.

Yeah, I didn't address your China question.

My short answer on that is I think, first of all, that it could be done in such a way that even if we can't hold a Chinese company liable, that the people involved in the hosting and distribution would be liable and therefore would apply a much higher standard of care.

But I also think that the people working in China would notice when the race dynamic shifts.

Yeah.

They're competitive.

they want to win

if they see the new prize is for building

the AI that is

strongest and most powerful

and abides by laws, they will figure out

how to do that too. Last question, where

do you companies that are

actually paying for the tokens fit into this?

Because like if you just have

if you have like an employee at your company

that just decides I'm going to start dealing

drugs and they're breaking the law, right?

There's some, there's there's

liability at the

maybe the tool level,

the token level,

and then there has to be some liability,

like companies that are

deploying intelligence have to hold some

liability. So the issue is that like

this quickly just becomes

way more

complicated.

There is some complexity in kind of

dividing the blame amongst a few

AI companies and I think

that smarter people than me can figure

that out. I agree it's not simple

but I don't think it's unsolvable.

I did also want to point out one last thing, which is if an AI company doesn't want liability, the simple way out, if they detects that, you know, is to say, hey, I could do this thing, but it would break the loss.

Should I proceed?

Like in the hypothetical bank account scenario, if the AI said, dangerously skip all laws.

Yeah.

But I think that would be fine, actually.

If it asks you, Jordi, one option to get you $5,000 is I can hack into a bank and steal $5,000, but that would break these laws and the penalty would be jail time for you.

And no report you to the FBI.

Would you like me to proceed?

Yeah, it's a wild scenario.

Just disclose to the user.

If the user says, yes, do that, then the AI company would not be.

I think the bank would want liability from the AI company as well.

But we'll figure it out later.

Thank you so much for coming on the show.

Have a great.

Good to see, Alex.

a good week.

Cheers,

goodbye.

console.

Console built AI agents

that automate 70%

of ITHR

and finance support,

giving employees instant

resolution for access

request and password reset.

We have a lightning round

because we're running late.

We have Ciguel Wend from Conway

Research, the founder.


---


Let's bring him in to the TV

and around from Cigil Sar,

for keeping you waiting.

How you doing?

Doing very well.

It's been crazy.

Yeah.

Congrats on the launch.

Break it down.

What did you launch?

What are you building?

Yeah.

So I'm building

underdog, which is your private personal AI, that runs on the devices at YREM.

And, oh, my God, you guys have the sound bird for the underdog.

Yeah.

What device are you most optimistic about?

Today, in Stratectary, Ben Thompson was lamenting some of the frustrations that he'd

had with Apple products.

There's all this debate over privacy and pushback.

Are we going to see Linux on the desktop?

Are we going to all be using Android phones because, you know, we're in this AI world and we want the best?

Or are you building in a place where you'll be kind of hardware agnostic?

You know, our goal has always been to provide free, capable, reliable, and private AI for the masses.

And that means building for all devices.

And so we're off the bat supporting all of Apple's products.

Our iOS app is about to launch.

Cool.

You know, we're working with Nvidia, so we're going to ship to all Nvidia and Microsoft Windows devices, Linux, or Marky, Android, iOS.

I think that you've already paid for the chip, and it's actually significantly more powerful.

And, yeah, like, we're doing a lot of optimization to get more bang out of the buck for the hardware that you already have.

What are the tradeoffs of that optimization?

I imagine that you could maybe take us back.

you're probably not serving Astra or Fable-level intelligence, but I imagine the model that you're

serving is spiky in interesting ways. What near-fri—what near-frontier capabilities are possible

on device? What do you want to go to the cloud for, or you need to, at least in the short term,

obviously next year might be a different discussion. Yeah. So in my manifesto, I write about

underdog's law where basically the frontier models of tit today will run on your devices

in six months and we can see this quantitatively where underdog 27b which we post-trained

an r l on top of quen quen's 27b model if you look at artificial analysis it scores better than

claude opus 4.6 max which is the frontier model from anthropic from six months

Okay.

And we're going to see this trend continue where intelligence is getting a lot smarter, a lot faster.

Yeah.

And we can make them run really fast on the devices.

So it runs six months later, but it's got to be slower.

How much slower is it?

No, it's, so we do a lot of inference optimization and data efficient.

We actually release Husky, which was an inference engine, and it was up to 4.5X.

Let's go.

You got our dogs barking.

Yeah, so what, like, where, you said free.

That stood out to me.

Is that, that's because, one, when it's possible.

But where, where and how are you going to make money?

Yeah.

So right now, a lot of existing business models, they have to charge you their subscriptions

or like sell them ads and like harvest all their data is to a data center.

enter. So we don't have any databases or data centers. It just runs on your device.

Right. And what's fascinating, I don't know if you guys remember, but earlier this year,

I was on here talking about Web 4. And I was one of the first to talk about how AI can

write and transact to the world. I built one of the first AI agents. I could earn some existence,

acquire a compute and stuff. And this enabled, you know, a lot of agentic commerce

to happen afterwards. Like Patrick Collison, the CEO of Stripe, is our

biggest angel investor. And I think that the economy will be reformed, but with reliable and private

AI agents that are acting on behalf of users. And the business model side is completely gets reinvented.

Advertising is such a dark pattern boomer business, right? And the cool thing about

I am so skeptical about this. I mean, it's like,

It's like Android versus Linux.

Like, yeah, I get that ads are annoying, but like one is way bigger.

No, no, no.

You can continue.

We'll defend ads until our dying day.

But continue to...

He's money.

They fell a few grams.

There we go.

See?

He doesn't hate ads.

It didn't hurt.

He doesn't hate it.

It's fine.

No, anyways, continue.

If you're an agent, the amount of effort it takes for you to scan the entire internet,

there's hundreds of vendors for, let's say, a flight, is,

if you're a human doing it, it'll take you hours.

If you're an agent, it takes seconds for you to do that.

And so Underdog can browse the entire web for different flights,

look for the cheapest price, help you save hundreds of dollars.

Sure.

And then it'll generate a unique card.

Yeah.

And then...

Oh, there we go.

We've been talking about them.

Okay, so you monetize the payments.

Yeah, I love this.

Okay.

So I'm in.

As long as you're making a rake on this, we're in.

Yeah.

So I was, I was...

saying this about instinct

because instinct and

muse they clearly are launching all these

commerce partnerships but how will they

if you want to the best way it seems

like to generate some some revenue

is to just introduce

a card so that you can get that interchange

yeah this is super cool

because you also don't have the insane costs

of actually hosting

yeah sorry last question

is it available

how can people demo it how can people

on board when is this

When is this going to roll out because you don't have the crazy inference costs maybe.

So you can scale this pretty quickly.

On Friday, we opened to an invite-only beta.

Okay.

Over the weekend, more than around like 5,000 tweets went out of people asking for invites.

Cool.

And so I'm pushing builds and improving it.

And we'll be able to do everything that, you know, instinct.

Whoa.

Shots are.

And like, you know, it's, it already, users have already been unsubscribing from, like,

Like Whisperflow, Cronola, a superhuman, because it's all on device.

Why can you stream your data to the data center?

You know, when it can be just as good on device, fully private.

And instinct, and these apps are like major targets for, you know, advanced AI cyber attacks.

As we're seeing with like opening AI, you know, and like we have mythos class models that are all open source now.

So I think this is the most important product to build.

And I want to bring it.

Pretty savage.

to be the anti-Data Center AI

company. Yeah, very interesting.

Unique positioning. We haven't seen this yet.

We bring the model to your data,

not the data to your model.

I like that.

Good framing. Thank you so much for coming on

the show. Have a great rest of your day.

Very cool pivot. We'll talk to you since. And excited to try it out.

Goodbye. I'd see you. Thank you.

intelligent cloud provider. Use your favorite

agent to deploy web app, servers, databases,

and more while Railway automatically

takes care of scaling, monitoring.

and security. Our next guest is Jerry Wu from Halluminate. He's a co-founder and CEO. Jerry,

welcome to the show. Thank you so much for taking the time to come chat with us. Please introduce

yourself. Thanks for having me. My name's Jerry. I'm the founder here at Halluminate. What we do

to Alluminate is we build the training benchmarks and training environments used by Frontier Labs to

improve their models. Specifically, we specialize in improving models on non-coding knowledge work,

So starting with areas like financial services, accounting, consulting, right, like a good way to visualize what we do is if you've ever used a model to not write code, but do things like build a spreadsheet, build a PowerPoint, help with your, you know, financial analysis or investing.

A lot of those gains in financial and economic literacy have come from the environments and benchmarks that we've built and scaled with our customers.

Yeah.

I think we've heard a lot about building RL environments, selling them to the labs, they run them.

But I'm interested in, like, what does that environment actually look like?

Is it, like, screen recordings while you hire a investment banker to build a DCF model in Excel and you're just sending in, like, raw data?

Or are you, like, architecting a system in Python or something?

Like, what's the actual product look like?

Yeah, it's a great question.

So, fundamentally, what an environment is?

I like the analogy.

It's like a classroom or a game, right?

And what we really are is we're game designers.

Okay.

And we are building games or environments that are used to teach the models

specific tasks in the verticals or domains that we're experts in.

So let's take financial modeling, right?

We don't screen record someone to create the gym.

That is a way to collect data.

But really, the product of the gym itself is essentially a Docker container,

where within the classroom you give the agent, let's say,

some starting Excel files and some starting PowerPoint.

Some raw data.

And you give it a task, for example, build an LBO or build a sensitivity table.

Yep.

Right.

And then just like a game, there's a score.

Yeah.

Right.

This is also known as the verifier where you can essentially get signal on whether or not the

agent successfully achieve the task that you designed for it within the game.

Yeah.

Right.

And this signal is then used as a reward signal within the post-training pipelines for our customers.

Right.

So when you think scaling RL, it's not quite like scaling screen recordings or scaling trajectory.

It's basically scaling as an industry, the creation of these games or these classrooms on thousands or hundreds of thousands of different domains, tasks, environments to teach these models collectively how to do this work at scale.

And is that score deterministic?

Is that programmed by you?

Or is that its own classifier?

Yeah.

It's a great question.

It can vary depending on the exact recipe or the approach that we want to take.

Traditionally, you know, for example, in code, a lot of verification is deterministic, right?

So you can check whether the code compiles or, for example, with math, there's the lean compile, etc.

For things like knowledge work, right, building a spreadsheet, this is actually somewhere in the middle, right?

So you could theoretically verify correctness of a spreadsheet by looking at the values or pulling, you know,

formulas. But for something like a PowerPoint, it might not be fully deterministic, right? You might

need to use some more qualitative judgments powered by, say, a reward model, right, to give you a

score. So it completely depends, right, on the task and the gym and the environment that you

want to build. Yeah. You just raised some money. We should hit the gong. Tell us how much you

raised. Let's talk about that. Then I have a follow-up question. How much you raised? Raised $30 million.

Boom.

I think that was the best of the day.

Best of the day, hands down.

Do you replay?

Would you raise it fun?

Yeah, let's check the replay.

I want to, if we can just confirm the quality of the hit before we move on.

I think that would be great.

Little delay there.

Pause.

Comes back around.

Quick, whoa.

Coming around.

There we go.

You were, seem kind of angry.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah.

You got it really.

Boom.

There we go.

Great hit for Illuminate.

I'm sure you got to ask this nonstop during the fundraise, but I'm just curious.

is where do you see this, what is this business in five years?

It feels like really difficult for me to predict.

Like it feels like there will still be work making the models better.

I don't know what form it'll take.

But how would you answer that?

Exactly.

I think you hit the nail on the head there.

Ultimately, the value of data research labs like ourselves comes from improving the models

on something that it's not good at today, right?

And so another way you can think about it is demand for companies and research and services that we provide are derived from the overarching question of like, are there things that models can't do today that we want them to be able to do?

Insofar as that is true.

And actually, the surface area that is growing, right, the demand for data environments benchmarks will also continue to explode.

Another way you think about it is like as the surface area of these models increases the things that we want them to be able to do also increases.

And that is what drives, right, a huge demand for a lot of the research around data environments benchmarking.

And I think another way you could also think about this is like what does the actual data product look like?

Right.

Like previously it was, you know, human data and trajectories eventually evolved into like RLHF and now it's like RLVR with these RL environments.

Like another question you could ask is like what, you know, what does the actual shape of training look like in the future?

we internally at Hulminate have a phrase we call the Moore's Law of RL environments,

which basically means like every six to eight months,

we've noticed that the complexity of the environment or gym used the train of frontier model roughly doubles.

So if you extrapolate this out,

what you kind of realize is that today we're building these gyms for, you know,

spreadsheet modeling or PowerPoint building.

We think in six to eight months we're going to be building jams of multiple agents collaborating as a team, right?

solving a task together.

I think in the future, we're going to be building simulations of whole companies,

whole governments, whole industries to teach models how to operate autonomously

within our societies, within our companies, etc.

Right.

So that's our vision of what the shape of data will look like, right, increasingly complex.

But, but yeah, I mean, I think you guys have probably seen this from your reporting as well.

The demand for data continues to skyrocket, right?

And it's driven fundamentally by our industry-wide need to improve these models on so many

categories of working beyond. Very cool. Well, congratulations on the round. Thank you so much.

Yeah, thanks for breaking it down. You're breaking it down for us. Have a great day.

Thank you. Great stuff, Jerry. We'll talk to you soon. Go bye. Our next guest is Brian Johnson.

I think he's rolling in any minute now. Got another minute. In the meantime, we can go back to the

timeline. There's some all sorts of news all over the place. So David Ellison is hiring some folks,

the team that leads Skydance forward.

People are talking about the new Optimus Factory at Gigga, Texas.

It's progressing rapidly.

It'll be 7 million square feet with a targeted capacity of 10 million optimists per year.

Initial production is planned to begin in 2027.

David Holt says 10 million humanoid robots is enough physical labor to build New York City in five months,

and the first Optimus factory will manufacture that many robots in a single.

Gear. That's crazy. I like. We should build New York in California. In Texas.

It's a great. I think it's going in Texas. It's going to be in Texas first. I don't think it's going to be in California anytime soon he left.

But the Frenchman over at Atelier Missou followed him to Texas and they put up a statue, which people were going back and forth on saying it was disproportionate. Do you see this?

Really?

Yes.

So apparently

statues should be like

one

like a ratio of head to body of one to

eight. They went with one to seven

very controversial in the statute

community. They made a lot of people angry.

There was a backlash.

There was a backlash to the backlash.

Lots of people going back and forth

on whether or not the statue is

aesthetically cool. The big

scoop was that they've been

accused of sort of

larping as like

the old school way of making statues.

They do, in fact, use computer-aided design, CAD tools, CNC machines to mill parts of the statue.

They use 3D software to design the statues.

And a lot of people are frustrated by that because they feel like it's not.

They didn't fully go back.

I don't really care about that.

I think the original question was just...

Brian just dunked on Ben.

He just pulled up on him.

dunked on him.

Boom.

Boom.

Come on in if you're ready.

I wish we had the basketball hoop over here.

Yeah, we could just put it up.

Good to see you, Brian.

Welcome to the show.

How are you doing?

Good to see you.

What's happening?

Good to see you.

He's got a basketball hill.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah.

You got to dunk.

You're on a mission to consistently dunk.

Well, first time of my life to dunk.

Yeah.

I've never dunked on like, you know, it's kind of the dream to dunk.

Yeah.

So I touched the rim last week after, let's see, five.

Five months of training.

And are you sure?

No training.

Have you guys, have you guys done?

I'm six foot eight.

I can dunk.

So easily dunk.

Yeah, it was never, it was never.

I don't.

I didn't train it all for it.

Yeah, I used to, I used to do a lot of box jumps in the gym.

I'd probably get back to that.

Yeah.

But even when I was training that and I was like working my, you know, box jumps up and

up, I think I would probably still generally slam the ball, like, into the rim.

Yeah.

And not quite, quite a cheap.

it. How much can you, do you think the average person could, with consistent training, actually

increase there? And you've seen the data over time. Like the max vertical is going way up. Yeah.

I'm sure you've studied all this time. So, I mean, your 6A, what's your standing in reach? So when you've

It's like not, I mean, I can touch the, I can't touch the rim, but I can touch the net pretty easily.

I'm 91 inches. So to 120. So my vertical's got to be at least 31 to touch rim.

And then probably 36 to dunk.

Yeah.

Medium and NBA is 35.

Okay.

So you have to be better than the average NBA player in terms of virtual.

Wow.

Yeah.

But I think you'll put it to the problem.

Like you're so dedicated to the craft.

But I'm 50.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

No problem, dude.

I'm really.

So the probability of a 49-year-old white guy who's never dunk before or played collegiate basketball is like, I don't know.

It's very low in the odds.

And so by the time you're 49, you have something like 45.

by 20 to 40% less fast switch muscle fiber.

You're just like you're atrophied.

So you have to like rebuild the whole thing.

So I've been doing that.

So I mean,

I've done so many crazy things that like,

like the expectations are so high.

I'm just like,

yeah,

of course you're going to do this like next week.

Like call me when the next challenge starts.

Oh man.

But now you,

yeah,

you've actually honed it on stuff that is difficult and will be

impressive.

Yeah,

I think I messed up this entire past five years because,

you know,

when you do it's like,

it's this whole reconciliation moment.

When you say like, you know,

go to bed on time because sleep is good for blank or like,

you know, eat well.

People are like, I don't want to go to bed.

I don't want to eat well.

But if you're like, but if you do these things, you can dunk.

Then it's like, I'm in.

I'll play this game.

Yeah, the don't die was like a little abstract.

People put it off.

It's 20 years in the future, 50 years in the future.

But dunking is today.

That's the goal.

Dunk at 49.

And the people are like, I'll do that stuff.

Do you know if dunking is something that like if you do it, you know, when you're young,

it's something you can like maintain.

Like not quite like something like riding.

It's an incredibly good workout.

That used to just be my.

cardio is I would just dunk back and forth on the basketball court and I'd be sweating and it was so

integrated. All right. We get it. It's such an underappreciated physical ability. People focus on

biceps and bench press and VL2 max. But you know what? Explosiveness of dunking, I now have this whole

new appreciation for how to be healthy. I will not give up on jumping ever again.

Because once you lose it, it's very hard to get back. But it just is so good for like bone

real density, for muscle, tendons, ligaments. Sleep, diet, and dunking.

an exercise.

Yeah.

Just dunk.

Everything falls into place.

Where did this come from?

Did you, was this just on your list of challenges or something?

Well, is it kind of like, I feel like I've mastered health and longevity.

Like, you know, past five years, we've done all the things.

He did it.

Yeah.

We looked at all the evidence.

Like, I have like a.

It gets like really, really long tail.

Like, you just in these deep studies of fringe.

Exactly.

If I changed the vitamin C, it's not worth it.

I felt like I went through this period of an, I think everybody deserves to go through a,

three to four year period where they are overly obsessed with their health, right?

Like borderline obsessive, you know, like turning down a bunch of stuff, learning, experimenting,

being wrong, all these things.

And then you kind of like, you basically like act, you know, do all this testing and you

sort of acclimate.

And then you can actually get like a little bit sloppier, right?

You can like fall off, but you'll sort of level out to a health baseline that is much higher

than where you started.

Yeah, exactly.

And having gone through that period at one point.

I was like, I'm spending, it feels like 70 or 80% of my mental capacity daily just trying to be healthy.

And I got to the point where I was like, that wasn't worth the tradeoff.

But I still get the, every day I get the benefits of having gone through that period.

And I think it's something that you people, the right way to approach it for the average person is like go through that every cycle that every whatever, five years, something like that.

So you're continuing to compound.

And then at different phases of your life, you need different sort of practices.

and habits and things like that.

Yeah, well said.

I got the next challenge for you.

The day you dunk, jobs not finished, you're on to the next one.

Seven minute Nürberg ring.

Seven minute.

Seven minute Nureberg ring.

What is that?

The Nureberg ring is a excruciatingly long racetrack in Germany.

They call it the green hell.

It's extremely dangerous.

It puts your driving skills to the absolute limit.

You can also drive it as like a commuter in some ways, but they shut it down.

This is where they test all the different sports cars.

And they've done everything from track-only F-1 cars essentially on the track

to everything from like a new Porsche would get tested there.

And the Model S Plaid has tested there.

And you can get an advantage by picking a very good car for it,

something that's designed for the track,

something that is really strong cornering, lots of downforce,

but still can go fast in the straits.

But there's no excuse for being able to actually push it to the limit.

And seven minutes is a threshold where only a few cars can get there.

So you need a very good car.

You need to understand how that car works.

And then you also have to be near pro level, I think, to put up a seven minute.

What do you think?

Is that a reasonable time?

Or is that too aggressive of a picture?

I don't know.

But I do think I like where you're going with dunking because it goes into like just

Feats like abilities.

Yes. The Renaissance man.

100%.

This is the Renaissance man.

And we talk about this because like even

Even like our are the top guy, the top car guy in tech is obviously George Kurtz.

Because not only could he buy any car he wanted, he competes at a professional level, right?

Like he just won LMP2, the sort of pro-am prototype class.

You were at the race.

And so I think that that's what like.

going and sort of mastering these sort of like fringe pursuits like John has talked about,

you know, being able to hit a target from a mile out with a, with a rifle.

Like things like that that take physical abilities and it's so much harder to actually learn

when you're 50 than if you started as a kid and it's just like, you know, supernatural.

But, but yeah, that's the next frontier.

Yeah, we need an egot for tech.

You know, Hollywood has the Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, Tony.

That's a great idea.

For tech, we need the Egot.

I was thinking about going to space is a good one.

Bezos has been, but not many other tech leaders have.

The cover of Time magazine is another big tech leader milestone.

You could also put like selling a company above some threshold or something or being the richest man.

There were a few others testifying in front of Congress.

That's like a right of passage for tech leaders.

It really is.

And Bezos has done that one too.

and then buy a sports team, that's another one, or maybe race.

Give it a structure, give it a ranking.

Everyone's going to follow suit.

But for sure, I mean, this is the thing is like, you know, people talk about AI,

what's company, and our culture is obsessively work.

Like, you never stop working because it's a status game.

You're looking at bank account and followers.

But, like, I think this is like a new Renaissance era of these side quests.

Yes, subquest maps.

So at 49, can you dunk a basketball?

At Blank, can you win a professional race or be, you know, top and amateur?

So I think it is, it's good.

for these social,

for us to introduce this,

and create social pressures

that if you don't have a dunking side quest,

like, what's up, bro?

You need a PhD in side quest.

What's wrong?

I saw one influencer who sung the national anthem.

That's a great side quest.

That's a great side quest.

I was going to, actually, for the dunking,

I was going to do it at a Lakers game.

Half-time, Polymarket, we have debts.

Okay, yeah, yeah.

I've got a bit, I have like five more inches

I need to lock down before we get,

because I don't want to mess that one up.

Yeah, I'm optimistic.

I want to talk about wound recovery

because something as a 30-year-old,

I've noticed, I used to get like, you know,

let's say I go get, I'm surfing and I get a cut.

Like, it used to be like something I didn't really care about at all

because, like, three days later, it's gone.

I'm not, I don't think about it anymore.

And now I realize, like, whatever, like,

the time it takes for me to heal from, like, little cuts is, like, going up.

Even if you put beef tallow on it?

Yeah.

Yeah, I used a gallon of beef tallow and still.

Nothing.

It's still nothing.

What is going on?

It's no sense.

This John's favorite bit is like the solution to every world problem is just beef tallow.

It's like this whole AI.

He went really far into beef tallow.

It was like we've got to do beef towel.

No one's tried beef towel for AI safety.

Yeah.

It's like Big Fat Greek wedding with a guy, his windex is his solution.

The Greek.

Oh, yeah.

Everything he uses windex.

But your beef towel is.

I imagine beef tall is good.

But people who are framing it is like, it will cure everything.

Relationship and trouble?

It just went too much, too much.

But wound recovery.

Yeah.

What's the strategy?

You get a scratch.

It feels like an overall, like, you know, vitality indicator.

Yeah, it's just got to be like, it's probably a good biomarker.

Like, we should probably, I should probably initiate some cuts.

Yeah, you can.

Yeah, you can.

Don't do that.

No, no, no.

But I think it's like, it's, you know, a little mild like a paper cut.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But I have to imagine, it's just, it's a pure representation of capacity.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Like, I mean, this is the thing.

We look at my body and we say, okay, you can go like punch, you can lift iron in the gym, you can do weights.

But like, what does your body function by default?

This is why I measure, for example, nighttime erections.

You can do nothing about it.

You go to sleep, it happens or it doesn't.

Sure.

So your body performs as a 50-year-old or an 18-year-old.

And so I like those markers in that you have no, you can't do anything to change the outcome other than just exist.

And so I think wound healing is probably that is probably that.

You can't optimize your way out of it.

The body just does this thing.

So probably is a good biomarker.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Weight training.

I feel like sometimes I go easy in the gym and that I'm not pushing myself to actually increase the amount that I'm lifting.

Progressive.

Well, no, simply because I'm like I'd rather be currently this strong than get injured, right?

Or, you know, I don't feel like I should be pushing like my deadlift, but you have been.

Yeah.

So talk about that tradeoff of like, what is the value of like pushing yourself from, you know, doing 135 or 225 or beyond that versus like injury risk and how those things affect?

I just did my, I had my first failure.

I felled at a 435 hex bar.

So my coach is, I have an NBA coach.

He's great.

He's been wonderful because he's never allowed me to fail.

So I go into the lift with confidence, whether it's, you know, front squad or hex.

And so this one, I blame.

I had lotion on my hands that morning.

Oh, so slipped.

Yeah, I blame that.

But still, I didn't, I failed at it.

That's way better than failing in your back going out or something.

Yeah, exactly.

But he's been very good at form.

And so he's very careful.

If I ever have the slightest thing in my body is at stop.

So I do think, you know, he has at least done to be very careful with me where I never thought I'd be doing a hex bar for.

A lot of it's psychological.

Like, you can, if you cheat on the form, you can add another 50 pounds every time.

and everyone will be like, wow, that guy has the big weight on,

but then you're risking things, and it's so much better.

You're actually going to build more muscle if you take the weight down,

use the right form, progress.

But you've got to be like, yeah, I'm the guy squat in one-thirty-five today.

There was a guy in the gym last week.

He was doing this, like, squat.

I swore, like, 500 pounds.

I thought his back was going to break.

He's going to jump me like, bro, I respect you, but, man,

like, the three of us were there,

were like, this is bad.

So, yeah, I agree.

And there's so much pressure in the gym.

You have people that are looking at you.

Everyone's kind of like peacocking a little bit.

Yeah, everyone's sizing you.

You definitely don't want to, yeah.

There's a lot of pressure for that.

Yeah.

You stay out of the sun.

Yeah.

You don't sun tan.

You also don't do spray tans because of the chemicals.

Is that correct?

What is your take on Melanatan?

Yeah.

So, I mean, a few people have gone that I think they haven't come back.

I think.

Wait, what?

I think so.

I mean, I don't know.

Permanently tan now?

I'm not sure.

John's like, sign me up.

I didn't know about that value.

But also, the color is not necessarily

pre-known, right?

Like, you do it, it emerges.

Oh, so it's not like, pick this color.

Is that a shade or a hue?

Because if I turn out green or purple,

that might be worse than just being, you know,

along the same line.

If I understand this correctly, it's not like you put your finger

on a chart of like, I want this color with this dose.

Just take me in the general direction.

Yeah.

I don't know what I'm getting now.

Exactly. Got it.

Okay, so you've stayed away from it.

Yeah.

How are you feeling about the other more experimental peptides?

Is there anything that you're maybe sitting out but optimistic about,

oh,

that one would be cool in the future if it can pass FDA,

et cetera?

My take on peptides is it's a psychological phenomenon.

People feel that they're powerless.

They can't stop scrolling.

They can't go to bed on time.

They can't stop eating junk food.

And so you have a little vial.

You have a needle.

There's studies showing the psychological benefit of like,

I feel power by injecting myself and I fill.

So peptides are more there.

You get the same thing with supplements too.

You know, like you're,

I'm taking all these pills.

Because the injection is so much more visceral.

You're like, I did something real.

I risk myself.

It must be working.

So peptides are real.

They obviously have benefits.

But like I think the enthusiasm far exceeds like where the evidence is at.

It exceeds the potential benefit.

Like people would be much better off getting a dose of growth hormone by going to bed on time.

Sure.

Right.

Like you get peptide dose by going to bed and get your surge in your deep sleep.

So like if you go into peptides measure, we have actually a new technology we're using to measure peptides.

Because if you do any, like the big peptides, you can't just do a blood draw and say, is it working?

There's nothing you can see in a standard blood panel to say yes or no.

You need to look at the molecular profiles.

So we have a new test.

We're doing that.

So I think that might change the conversation of like, here's what we're seeing and may want to think twice.

Yeah, it's 1.40 PM.

You don't have to go to bed yet, right?

Yeah.

Space.

Would you go to space?

Or is there radiation?

Is there anything that you're worried about from your health perspective?

I don't.

I don't have a desire.

No.

No, it just has never hit.

Not going for the tech ego.

So I'm putting space in there.

Are you?

Is that your list?

It's got to be in there.

It's the blue origin rocket you go up to pass the Carmen line.

It's available.

It's something that Bezos Pioneer.

I wonder if you can do it in VR.

I wonder if the same experience.

I wonder if you have the same.

What do you call it?

Probably on the vomit comet if you go on the plane.

I've done that.

You've done that.

Oh, okay.

Well, then I think you get half checkmarked.

Yeah.

What about flying in airplanes?

People have said like if you fly a lot, you get radiation when you're up in the sky.

Is that something you try and monitor or mitigate?

Yeah, I started flying a couple years ago.

I got my license.

Oh, really?

I fly myself around.

Cool.

And so you, the-

What kind of plane?

Phenum 300.

Cool.

Yeah.

So I got typed in.

I did a little,

Cessna 172,

then I did a Bonanza,

yeah.

The prop.

Then did a Mustang,

went to a jet.

Yeah.

And then did a phenom 300.

And so, yeah,

we did you go all the way through VFR,

IFR?

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah, I got typed in all the different planes.

Yeah.

I've heard that IFR-rated pilots are like way safer than VFF.

Oh, man.

Like, so much safer.

So I almost died twice.

Whoa.

Okay.

Tell us about the first time you almost died.

These stories are so dramatic.

Okay.

So the first time I flew my prop plane down to South by Southwest.

Okay.

And so I made a rule I would never fly alone, ever.

So I knew the risk.

I saw the data.

I was like, this is terrible.

Oh, because if you faint or something.

Or just like, amateur pilots are something like seven times more likely to get into an accident.

Sure, sure.

Because you jump into playing, but you don't remember everything very, you know.

Sure.

You want a professional pilot.

They do it all day, every day.

It's all they think about.

So you would hire a,

professional pilot to fly with you, basically.

So I'm always in the cockpit.

That's so cool.

Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.

So I've never, ever flown alone,

excluding my check ride.

Okay.

And so we're down at South by Southwest.

We're coming back to,

I was in Chicago.

Wait, the check ride,

they make you fly by yourself?

Yeah, you have to take a solo.

You have to do a first solo,

your first solo flight,

then your check ride,

then afterwards.

And that's fair.

Yeah, because they assume everyone,

they assume everyone is going to be,

most people will be flying themselves solo,

so they have to like,

yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

For certification, you did it.

But then,

uh,

was South by Southwest a different story?

So he's down there with me.

And so we're coming back and in aviation, you can look at the taff.

You can say, I'm going to arrive at this airport between noon and 2 p.m.

What's he expected weather forecast?

You look at the winds and you say, okay, I can land on this runway.

He's got this directionality.

You're okay.

They have fuel, et cetera.

And so we were coming back and we were landing somewhere around noon.

And he looked at the taff mistakenly between like two and four.

So we get in the plane, everything's going well.

And then we're like 100 miles out.

we're at 14,000 feet.

That's like close to the top of this plane

before you have to get oxygen.

And we get these insane tailwinds, like 100 knots.

We're like, what the hell?

So we're making an incredible time.

Our ground speed is like 250, 300 knots.

And we're like, this is nuts.

So then we started getting some weather ports.

There's an actual tornado sweeping through the Midwest.

And so I looked at him and I'm like,

why are we flying into a tornado?

So basically he messed up

looking at the wrong two-hour block.

Okay.

And so after that, everything settled down, like the weather is just fine, but that is a tornado.

So we're now going to our airport and the winds are, we go into the land, and the winds are 35 knots gusting 45, which in this plane, when you go to put it down, it's too much lift.

So we try to make our landing and there's too much lift.

We can't put the plane down.

It's like dancing trying to put it down.

We can't put it down because it's also gusting.

So now we have like 17 minutes of fuel left.

So we call, we call the airtrap control.

We're like, we need an airport close by.

They're like, well, the closest one's blank.

And so we find one that has basically a fire truck.

And we're like, we're going to go down.

We're going to flip.

We're probably going to start on fire.

So we need someone to come out.

What do you mean to flip?

It's like, we probably won't be able to be stationed.

We'll probably like try to land and then flip the plane.

So the wings will, like, like, we have to go down somehow.

You're planning.

You're planning.

Yes.

Okay, because the wind is still so bad at this other airport that you're expecting that you'll

Because they came back, they're like, okay, well, within a 200-mile radius, the conditions are

blank.

And it's just like, basically like- All bad options.

45 knots, guessing 65, like really, real terrible winds for this little small plane.

And then we have crosswinds on the plane because we can't find a runway directly into the air.

And so we go in and now I'm thinking like, I've got three little kids.

And I'm like, why did I ever think flying was a good idea?

And it's in a prop plane.

So I'm like redoing my entire life.

We come in.

Is this pre-don't die?

This pre-don't die?

Okay. You're still like, bye.

I'm going to die. I'm going to die Sunday.

Someday. I better go down in flames.

Ten years ago, I think. Yeah.

So we come in and we cross the threshold.

And like we're fighting for our lives.

We're both like absolute ghost white.

We are for sure we think we're going to die.

We cross the threshold and somehow the winds die down.

Like we don't know what happens.

We come in.

soft landing, scoot off the runway.

We're both like,

wow, what?

And so we get over, we park the jet,

and then the plane,

and then right we jump out,

the winds burst up.

We almost fall over.

We can't even stand.

But like, we,

instead of going home that night,

we just said, let's just get a hotel.

And sleep.

Yeah.

We threw it.

Tomorrow we'll fly back.

But that was,

that was the first time.

That was the first time.

What was the second time?

We'll save, we'll save.

Okay.

We'll save.

Yeah, we'll save.

But flying commercial,

flying lots of hours in the sky

up high? So we hang out.

When we, yes. What do you think?

So my jet goes to 45,000 feet.

It's rated for 45.

We hang out about 36 to 38

thereabouts. So you pay a little bit of a fuel

cost by being down lower.

But I think the tradeoff for radiation is worth it.

Because once you get in, because it does increase.

I think it's like a logarithmic increase.

So when you look at the radiation dose increase,

Like once you get higher than the high 30s into the 40s,

it's a pretty substantial increase in radiation exposure.

Yeah.

So we make that trade off, fly a bit lower, burn a little bit more fuel.

I wonder if any of the jets have like radiation shielding is?

None of them do.

No.

No.

As a value prop, you'd think some people would want that.

Yeah.

It's too hard to put it in your manufacturing line.

Sure.

Yeah.

And then it might like kill the Wi-Fi or something.

Yeah, exactly.

People want the Starlink.

All right.

As much as I like talking about planes, let's talk about Atlanta this weekend.

Yeah.

You go way back with Toby and DHS.

Yeah.

Cool story.

We can probably skip that and get it right into racing.

Yeah, what was it just hearing stories from them about what they're doing that made you want to go out there?

Because with other extreme endurance sports running and cycling and all these things, it's like extremely apparent that these people are under like stress, right?

They're like breathing heavily.

You can see it.

They're sweating.

They're slowing down.

They're doing all these.

things and racing, you know, it's almost invisible.

You know, they get out of the car and they're usually like so disappointed or so excited

that the sort of tiredness is like not apparent even.

That's right.

It's like completely invisible.

Yes.

Yeah.

So Toby and I were at a conference last weekend in Aspen together.

And we were catching up and he was telling me about his upcoming race.

And we got into the rabble hole.

And you have you seen the memes where like the person's on the phone and the dogs right by?

They're like, and we're going to go to the park and we're going to play ball.

The dog's like, what?

Yeah, I was saying all my favorite words.

Toby was talking about the biomarkers he was capturing and the car and the track.

And I was like, what?

Yeah.

This is the cool.

So we went down the rovajun and he's like, if you want to come hang out, like just come hang out in the pit.

And I was like, oh, man, in.

That's awesome.

So I made it a product.

Yeah.

So like you, I never understood racing.

You know, I never understood the fascination with it.

The driving fast car is cool.

But I didn't understand what the body goes through and what they are, they are.

they are unbelievable.

They are elite athletes.

Like, unreal.

So once we actually mapped out the biomarkers, like, some things I didn't realize.

So he's in a cockpit, 110 degrees.

So already hot.

His clothing won't allow him to breathe.

He is, his heart rate is 142 on average.

Peaks at 171.

He's sustaining 700 pounds of G-force as he makes these turns.

His helmet's 70 pounds of G-force as he makes these turns.

There's no cooling in the cockpit.

his respiration rate is equal to running an eight-minute mile.

It's like you're panting.

This is all stationary.

So it's hard to imagine.

Like, I understand what it's like to sprint or do it really hard out.

But, like, this is you by yourself experiencing almost like a triathlon.

And it's like extremely claustrophobic.

Extremely.

Like, I've been in certain cars and you have to like fight the cluster.

Yeah, you do.

Like it's like you're sitting there and sometimes like, yeah, when it's hot and

And then you get over it because you're like, cool, I get to go drive around this track.

But for a second there, it's like really good.

Wedging yourself in a bucket seat is, it's just so much different than any other cars.

And you've got a six point harness that basically they have to strap you so tight because you have to feel the car.

If you can't be one with the car, you can't catch all the tiny little tenths of a second.

And so once you stack up all these things and then he does it for two and a half hour straight, I honestly.

And that's just one shift.

Yeah.

I struggle to wrap my head around that ability.

Like in that extreme physical conditions, psychological conditions, you have to be, there's

zero laps of focus.

You're fighting for 10th of a second.

And do you think it's possible to stay focused for that long because your life is on the

line because there's so much risk that you're sort of forced into flow state where you recognize

like you're going, you know, 150 miles an hour.

And if you do make a mistake, like you.

you know, current, all the different safety mechanisms and the way the cars are built,

like they do protect you to a pretty crazy degree.

Like you'll see crashes that the car rolls over eight times and catches on fire and the person

gets out and is walking.

But it's still like no one wants to go through that kind of trauma and not just personally

and the cost and losing the race and all these things.

But it feels like you're forcing yourself into this like fight or flight dynamic that

allows you to, like, have a new level of focus.

So when you look at his data, so Toby's awesome because he captures all the data.

So his DHS, DHS is like just like, I'm getting in the car.

I'm putting my foot down.

I'm not lifting up until I see the trick or flag or God or whatever the line is.

They have very different style.

Yeah.

So if you look at his nervous system, it goes to zero chill.

Like Toby, he gets in.

It is instantaneous, 100% adrenaline.

Like, just full on.

And even 30 minutes before the race, his body starts racing.

So his heart rate went up to 127 BPM from his baseline of like, you know, around 50s or something.

So he's able to like anticipate this day.

And I was in the trailer with him.

And like I could see him go from like, it's morning day prep to like I'm locked in.

And so I think on your list, Toby, he's so softly spoken, right?

He's one of the most epic founders of our generation, right?

He's an incredible builder.

Not only just in what he's built a company,

but he leads in how he builds with AI.

He's just an incredible human.

But he's so soft-spoken,

no one even knows he drives,

and let alone what he goes to when he drives.

So I wanted to tell his story.

Like, this is a serious sport.

He's an elite athlete.

And so I think people would,

I think he's emulation-worthy as a founder.

People should be like,

I want to do stuff like that too.

Yeah, you're getting me fired up to go racing.

That was the goal.

I mean, I think Toby's a good one.

What about the,

like how do you measure it from a like what are the what are the health impacts of like because

you can be an elite athlete and be destroying your body yeah right like you've seen this in and

you know people that do like really hardcore running where that's like yeah they'll be 30 and

they look like they're 40 because of the daily massive amounts of like cortisol and stress and so

my hope because i enjoy driving cars fast on a track is that because the actual periods of like

ridiculous intensity and

doing the two and a half hour stint is so

rare that it's not like going to

age you accelerate aging

but it is so stressful

that it can't be

all good for you. I agree.

Yeah. Like all things is probably a tradeoff.

One of the data points I was looking at is

drivers

are able to do with one

brain region what a novice requires

15. So it does

something with the brain which is

almost like a

neural enhancement. And so, I don't know, on balance, you know, like it may be the case that

you're winning. Yeah. You may take some this and that. Like the, the noise levels are extremely

high. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, last time you had the, the, the, the, um, hearing aids on. And, uh,

yeah, been, been super conscious of, of sound since then. And, and the issue is when you're in the car,

you have your monitors and, but, and I'm sure maybe some of them have noise canceling elements, but

you're still like getting, you're just right there with the engine.

When he takes off, I mean, I think it was something like 130 decibels.

So even though I had...

He's sitting right by the...

Yeah, when he takes off to his run, I had hearing protection in which does 30% DB protection.

But then...

Exactly.

So like I needed 20 more.

So I needed to do this plus that.

The cups, yeah.

Yeah, exactly.

So like I needed like 50, 60 of...

But yeah, so there's for sure some tradeoffs.

I mean, I think if you look at the joy that Toby gets from this thing,

it lights him up, I think, probably more than anything to the tire.

Like when he exits that car, it's like, I don't know,

maybe that's what Buddha looked like when he achieved in a revolt.

He's so, like, he's just omnipresent to reality.

It's actually just an incredible site.

Yeah.

I've had, I've had my experiences on the track is you'll be in,

I've gone from, you know, this intense, you know, flow state, which is incredible.

and then I think about my email for one second

and then I spin out.

Or I'm off the track, right?

Like, it's really binary

where you're like in that

because, you know,

I haven't done like actual racing, right?

And so it's really just been for fun

and not at the kind of speeds

that they're doing in like an MSA race

like this last weekend.

And so it is possible to be like,

oh yeah, I should get back to that person.

And then again, but the second you do that,

you're going at such high speed.

Yeah. And the other,

The other thing that is so remarkable to me is just like the level of consistency across

that two and a half hours where they could be trying as hard as they possibly can to go

faster and gain like a tenth, a tenth of a second, right?

And then, and then, yeah, it's sim racing too.

Did you have a post about that or did that tie into?

Yeah, I was looking at.

Yeah, it was tying into that like sort of act like studying like these different brain regions

That made me think, like, do you think there's been like brain games in the app store that, like, force you to activate, you know, different brain functions for a while now?

I don't feel like any of them have, like, caught on fire.

Like, for me, I'm very addicted to sim racing.

And so I sent that post to my lovely wife about that.

And she was like, I'm happy for you.

You probably should still focus on the issue for me is it comes out of my sleep time.

Because I've, like, the kids go to bed and I'm like, okay.

I can go racing now and then and then I'm sleeping less.

But do you think there's more games to be built that force people to do these types of things?

Is it something that you're spending any energy on?

Yeah, I mean, I think the world is absolutely sleeping on how fast the Don't Die Revolution will happen.

Like, I think that once AI makes the first couple breakthroughs, we have our first anti-HG drugs and people feel like there's, I hope.

I think the society will snap from like wanting to put all of our efforts into status-seeking, well, the

accumulation to don't die.

So I think that, I do.

I think it is going to be a snap change in society.

And we'll just revalue.

We'll change everything to do a value.

Yeah, were we talking to that about, what is going on?

That's my dog.

That's my, your, is my, oh, yeah.

Awesome.

Yeah.

Do you want to pop on?

Yeah.

Bring him on.

Or does he not get talks?

What, uh, what health benefits?

Joy.

Joy.

Yeah.

Well, so guitar.

Here we go.

Hello.

Oh, there we go.

Hey, baby.

Hey, baby.

I've been away from for 10 days.

No way.

Hey.

Oh, so cute.

Yeah.

Amazing.

Whoa, what a smile.

That's what a smile.

Happy boy.

That's our show.

We can close it out.

Thank you for tuning to TBPN.

We will see you tomorrow at 11am Pacific.

Leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Sign up for our newsletter.

This might.

It scares the dog.

Hopefully it's well trained.

Goodbye.