=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: All-In ===
Titel: All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg - CA Governor Candidate Steve Hilton on Why California is Destroying Itself & How a Republican Can Win
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/all-in-with-chamath-jason-sacks-friedberg/ca-governor-candidate-steve-hilton-on-why-california-is-destroying-itself-how-a-republican-can-win
Datum: 2026-04-30
Länge: ~68k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

welcome back to the All In Interview Show. We're very lucky today to have

a candidate for the governor of California who is extremely unique in a number of ways.

First of all, he's a Republican. And second, he's a Brit. Welcome to the program, Steve

Helton. You've decided to increase the degree of difficulty in two ways. But you're polling

fantastic. You've got five or six people in the polls. So he's leading the field.

You're leading the field.

Obviously, it's going to get narrowed a bit when the Democrats shiv a couple more people

and get them out of the race and then pick their eventual winner in their cobble whenever that

happens when Nancy Pelosi picks was running.

But Steve, maybe you could start by...

Sorry, guys.

I got jokes.

But Steve, maybe you could introduce yourself a bit and tell us why you're running.

Well, hang on.

Can I just say just after that great intro where you just tried to kill my chances in just a

couple of words?

Thanks a lot, Jason.

appreciate it. Let me adjunct you to this up. I've known Steve since 2012, 2013, when he and his

wife, Rachel Watstone, moved to Silicon Valley. Rachel worked at Facebook initially, and then

she worked with you, Jason, at Uber, and then has had a great run. And then Steve, similarly,

and you said it in a funny way, but ultimately, this is an incredible land of immigrants.

And Steve has a really compelling story. So before we jump into the questions, I know your

background, Steve, but I do think it's important. Go back to...

your parents, your mom, how you grew up, and just set the stage for how you made it out from

the way you started, because I think that's important, and then how you got to the United States

and why. Thank you, thank you. I appreciate that. And you're right, we've known each other a long time

now, and it's a great joy to be here. By the way, just want to say, it's a great joy to be on a show

where I don't have to wear the suit and shirt. And, you know, that's one of the things about

running for governor that I'm loving most of it, but dressing up is not the favorite part for me.

So it's great to be with you. I thought for this show, you know, we've got to get it right.

I think that the back, the more I think about my background, the more I think it is really important

in terms of how I see things and what I want to get done. My parents are Hungarian.

They were refugees from communism. And I grew up in England, in a town called Brighton on the

South Coast. And, you know, we just had a regular working class immigrant aspirational family story,

I guess. You know, it was my parents actually split up when I was young. My stepfather's also

Hungarian. He had an amazing story. He was a refugee as well, but literally ran across the border.

He grew up in a small village on the west side of Hungary. And in 1956, when he had the Soviet

invasion. And he tells this amazing story. They heard on the radio, the Russians are coming. And he and his

brother and some friends from his school. He was 14 years old, like one year younger than my

younger son right now. And they just ran. They literally ran for, they said, right, we want

our freedom. They ran to the border, barbed-wife fences, minefields got shot out by the guards,

all that. Half of them were killed. And he ended up in a refugee camp in Austria and from then

to England. So all of that, I guess, just gives you that sense of real appreciation for,

for freedom, for freedom and opportunity.

And I grew up in England, worked very hard,

ended up at Oxford University.

But my first job was project manager for a construction company.

I just wanted to earn money.

I just wanted to, you know, get out.

I think that's exactly the right phrase that you used.

And that's been the story.

You know, after Oxford, I went to work for a little bit of the Conservative Party in England.

Then I worked for an big ad agency,

worked all around the world, started my own business,

a couple of offshoots of that,

including a couple of restaurants.

Then went back into politics

when my friend David Cameron,

who I'd met many years before,

had gone into politics, got elected to Parliament.

I helped run his campaign for the leadership

of the British Conservative Party,

won that election,

and then worked with him to get the Conservatives elected

when he became Prime Minister in 2010,

joined him in 10 Downing Street.

I was senior advisor to the prime minister.

Most of my job was really focused on trying to implement our reform program.

And then in 2012, that's when we met.

We moved here because Rachel, actually before Facebook, she was at Google.

And she had this big global job at Google.

She was running comms and public policy for Google worldwide.

I had my job in number 10.

It was actually when our second son was born, it just was a lot, you know, the travel for her and the time difference.

So that's why we moved here.

And I don't know.

Should I stop there?

which wanted me to keep going.

Well, you're also notably, you became naturalized.

You're a citizen of the United States now.

So you have dual citizenship.

Less people are confused by the accent.

Yes.

You're running for governor.

And you're a citizen of the United States.

Well, let's talk about your political setup.

So being a child of Hungarian immigrants raising communism, you're going to hear a certain

version of what the role of the state is versus what the role of the family or the individual

is.

Then growing up in the UK, I'm sure your attitudes either.

get cemented or change.

Give us the setup.

What is the political evolution of Steve Hilton?

What did he believe?

And then what does he believe now?

And what has shaped these beliefs?

It's really, I think it goes back to just around that when I first really started thinking

about it all, it was just as Margaret Thatcher was coming to power.

And you'd had the 70s in England were a disaster.

And a decade that was just, the economy was completely.

stagnant and slurotic, unions ran everything.

There was this period called the Winter of Discontent in 1979 when you had massive strikes,

famously, you know, the dead went unburied and trash was piled up in the street,

just real collapse of everything.

And that's what Thatcher came in to fix.

And I really did identify with that, as well as with the very clear stand against communism.

And so really she was,

funnily enough, when I was thinking about the

video that I made to launch

my campaign about a year ago now,

we ended up putting that in there.

And I thought, well, actually, that was the thing

that got me going.

I was totally inspired by her,

but also the focus that she had

on business and enterprise and hard work.

And remember my stepfather,

they weren't at all political, by the way.

It wasn't like some household

where we talked about politics.

It really wasn't.

But he had this thing that stuck in

mind when he talked about the, like in England, you've got the Conservative Party equivalent,

the Republicans, and for the Democrats, it's the Labor Party. And I remember he just used to say,

Mrs. Thatcher's for the workers and labor are for the layabouts. And I just this phrase stuck in

my mind about the importance of work and hustle. And I think about that all the time.

Where do you think California is, if you contrast. Well, this is the point I was just about to get to,

is we really are there.

There are so many things I see in California today

that are exactly like the UK in the 70s.

You've got the massive dominance of the unions

in policymaking.

You've got a slurotic economy.

You've got massively high taxation.

I mean, it was higher then.

At one point, I think the top rate

when you add in the wealth taxes

in the UK was literally 98%.

But you had that confiscatory taxation

and top rate of 60% and so on.

So very, very similar.

And actually, fun enough,

Mike Moritz actually sent me a report

that someone had done about the UK today.

And again, there's just these eerie parallels

with just how impossible it is

to do anything in the UK,

to build anything, the over-regulation.

When I read this report,

it just is exactly like California today.

By the way, one thing, Jason,

And just to be clear, I am a proud American now, but I'm not, I actually renounced my UK citizenship.

Oh, okay.

I did that because I just wanted to be clear that I'm just to borrow the title of the show.

You wanted to be all in.

Oh, yeah, literally.

I think it's really important that everyone knows that.

And I am.

And you have some to get into some maybe some policy, thanks for the background there.

You have some unique policy positions.

Taxes, I think, is the most unique.

And, dare I say, pretty populist.

you want to have no state tax in California for people with under $100,000 in income and then a flat tax for everybody over $100K, but 7.5%.

How is that possible? And is that something you've studied? And where did this come from?

The tax plan that I put out there, that was the first day of my campaign. I think of it as pro-worker and pro-growth. And I think we need both of those things.

because if you look at what's going on in California today,

just big picture,

obviously you can look at the data that's a real economic disaster.

I'm not sure people appreciate just how bad things are,

because hiding behind that data point of having the fourth largest economy in the world,

which is true, and obviously I'm proud of that.

I want California to be big and successful and growing.

But that fourth biggest economy data point,

underneath that, you've got the state with the highest unemployment rate in the country,

and the highest poverty rate in the country tied with Louisiana.

There's a United Way report.

Just the other, about a year ago, they do it every two years.

Sort of an assessment of living conditions in California.

And they found that over a third of Californians cannot afford to meet basic needs.

And so the starting point for my tax plan is what can we do quickly

to help people who are really struggling?

If you think about it, the working poor,

who aren't particularly being taken care of by the welfare system.

They're working incredibly hard,

but they're being squeezed by all these costs.

We have the highest gas prices in the country,

as you know, the highest electric bills everywhere except for Hawaii.

Housing costs the highest in the country.

All these costs are so high.

So what can you do to help working people quickly?

And so the starting point was, and what's affordable,

The $100,000 mark, I remember when we, I was just playing around with numbers, actually I did it with some economists from the Hoover Institution where I was a fellow, the first couple of years that we moved to, I taught at Stanford, including in the public policy department, also the D school at Stanford, but I was also a fellow at Hoover. And so we did the math on the tax plan there just about a year ago. And so that first part, first hundred grand tax free, actually in many counties in California today,

The official definition for low income is 100,000.

So that number may sound very high to people in other parts of the country.

It's actually the definition in a lot of counties of low income.

So you've got people earning 70 grand, 80 grand, 90 grand in California.

They are paying 9.3% state income tax.

That rate is higher than the top rate in most states in America.

So to me, that's ridiculous.

When you've also got all these other taxes that those exact people are

paying sales tax, property tax, gas tax, all of those are the highest in the country. So cutting taxes,

this significantly, means you have to then also cut spending by 20% or so. I just give the other part,

which is the 7.5% flat tax. I just thought, you know, when you look at the facts about

economic performance, the fact that, you know, for example, Chief Executive Magazine ranks us

and has done for the last 10 years or so the 50th out of 50 for business climate,

a big driver of that is tax.

And I'm sure we'll get into the insane proposed billionaire's tax.

And all these things that are driving wealth creation out of our state

and business investment out of our state.

So it's not enough just to take care of or give some relief to people

who are on the lower end of the scale.

You've got to actually have a pro-investment, pro-growth tax framework.

And so apart from anything else,

the complexity is ridiculous of our tax.

system, these endless different rates, is ridiculously complicated, and that itself is a cost,

the bureaucracy and hassle associated with that. That's why I think a flat tax makes sense.

Remember, it is in, you know, in the context of federal taxes, all these other taxes, it's not

the only component. But the cost is, to get to that cost, you've got to reduce spending

exactly as you say, and basically the cost of that in total is about an 18.5% reduction in revenue,

which takes us down about $60 billion, something like that,

which is not even going back to what the budget was just before the pandemic.

If you look at the budget of the state of California,

it's nearly double in the last 10 years.

In the last five years, it's gone up, something like 75%.

And so this is just bringing the budget back

to achieve that entire tax cut would bring the budget back

just to where it was roughly before the pandemic.

Let me just summarize.

So if you make between zero,

and $100,000 a year as a California resident under your plan, no tax.

No state income tax.

No state income tax.

If you make $100,000 and a dollar and above, you pay 7.5% flat tax.

Yes, that's the concept.

Okay.

How many Californians does that impact?

So what percentage of the population now get that affordance if you were to be successful?

The tax numbers usually on a household.

And so it's about 7 million households would benefit from the under 100,000 reduction.

And do you know how many that is as a percentage?

Well, working house, we got 40 million people.

I think that's about probably just over a third, something like that.

Okay.

So a third of homes now essentially go to zero tax.

State income tax.

State income tax.

There's all these other taxes that think.

Now the pushback would be if we then take a dollar for dollar from the operating budget,

programs will suffer.

And to your point, your comment is, I'm putting words in your breath, but you fill them in.

Well, not really, because we're just going to go back to 2019, 2020 budgets.

And the difference was we spent $1.20, we now spend $2 and nothing has changed.

So go from $2 back to $1.50 and everything should be fine, is your point.

Yes, and I'd actually go further than that.

So first of all, what we've seen happen to the budget is basically the expansion,

that we saw in the pandemic and afterwards

has gone baked into the baseline,

which is totally unsustainable.

And so we've got to get back to,

even without tax cuts,

I would argue you've got to get back

to a more reasonable growth in spending

because we go bankrupt.

As we're seeing with these deficits

that we're getting,

even when times when we're not in recession

and taking money out of the reserves

out of the rainy day fund to plug the gaps,

which is what they're doing,

totally irresponsible fiscally.

But actually it's more than that.

Even if you just,

If you don't change anything in the composition of the spending and just get back to where we were, that gives you scope for a major reduction in tax.

But the other part of it is what we're discovering in terms of where the money is actually going.

And so obviously the whole fraud story has exploded as a national political and economic story ever since Nick Shirley's first investigation in Minnesota, just around the time of Thanksgiving last year.

well, we've been making our own contribution to that.

So a few months ago, I set up, I literally called it Cal Doche, California Department of Government Efficiency.

I know that's a controversial brand, but, you know, the idea of it, efficient government,

is something I think everyone would support.

So I thought, why not use that?

Because everyone knows what it is.

So we've been just looking at the published data on spending to find examples and to make an estimate of the total amount.

of fraud waste and abuse in the system.

And we've now published four separate fraud reports out of Caldoche.

When I say we, by the way, I mean, this is a longer story we can get into,

but one of the ways I think I'm running this campaign differently

is that I'm actually putting together a team before the election in terms of others

who will run with me for statewide office,

because you've got some very important positions alongside the governor

that are going to be crucial in putting us back on track.

In this instance, the state controller is very important because the state controller is an elected

position, it has the legal power to audit any organization receiving state money and to stop the

flow of money if there's any suspicion of improper spending. So there's a guy running with me

called Herb Morgan and we've been doing this work together and we've published four reports now,

three of them on individual examples of fraud. We can get into that in a second if you want to know

Some of the examples are really shocking.

And then the fourth one was an estimate of the total.

And we just went through published data from the state auditor, from Medicaid error rates and so on,

to make an estimate of the total amount of fraud.

What did you find?

And give us a couple of examples.

Here's some specific examples.

The second fraud report, it's a classic.

$1 billion over the last 10 years, $100 million every year since 2015.

this is from the climate change mitigation fund,

which is part of the cap and trade system.

This is actually gas taxes and surcharges on electric bills and so on.

A hundred million a year was allocated to be spent on climate change mitigation.

In this case, it was solar panels for low-income apartment buildings.

So we actually tracked that money with an AI partner that can get all the reports.

and of that one billion total in 10 years,

the actual amount spent on the purported benefit here, solar panel,

installation was 72 million.

928 million actually went to nonprofits doing all the usual Democrat-associated bullshit,

frankly, voter registration, environmental justice campaigns, all that kind of stuff.

The actual thing was mostly spent on that.

That's $1 billion.

The first one was the cannabis tax.

Proposition 64 legalizing cannabis.

There's a tax associated with that supposed to be spent on substance abuse prevention.

We found $350 million that was supposed to be spent on substance abuse prevention,

again going to this network of nonprofits, over 500 of them, and small individual grants.

When you look at what each of those organizations does, it's all the usual stuff, voter registration, activism.

So the third one was Project Homekey that we looked into, which was the homelessness thing

that they set up after the pandemic, which was buying up property for homeless people

and sometimes building new property for homeless people or converting hotels,

$3.8 billion on that one that we found.

I mean, others have found other amounts, most of which went into the pockets of developers

without any real...

The California budget, if I'm not mistaken, $350-odd billion.

$3.50 billion, this year, yeah.

What percentage of it in your best estimation with you and your team do you think is inefficient, fraudulent wasted?

Well, our number over the last five years, total, our estimate was $425 billion.

So averaged over the years, it's about $80 billion a year.

So it's around 20% or so.

That's unbelievable.

Yeah. Now, just to bring some reality to the city,

situation, you would have to get through the legislature, which is both controlled by Democrats. You

can't unilaterally as the governor just say, hey, we're cutting these services. And we had a governor,

Schwarzenegger, who tried this very thing. He had to move to the center. You, of course, I believe

in California, have a line item veto. So you have some balance there. But this is fantastic for people to

maybe get a reprieve from taxes, you're going to get a major fight with Democrats to cut any

spending. What's your plan there if you were to win? So, Jason, a couple of things. You're right

about that. And I'm very thoughtful about the realities of these things. And I always make clear

that I think it's certainly on the tax plan that tax is definitely, you can't do that without the

legislature. I think that actually we'll get a, there's a, there's a

possibility of a consensus around some of these items where we can actually work together with

the legislature to make it happen. One indicator of that is actually one of my Democrat opponents

in the governor's race, Katie Porter, actually, you know, we were doing a debate the other week

in Fresno, and she just said, we were talking about affordability or whatever it was,

and she said, well, I'm, I've decided I'm stealing Steve Hilton's tax plan. I agree with him,

first 100 grand tax-free, and I think we should take good ideas where we find them. So this is an

interesting example that I think that that that that part of it, I think we may be able to actually

persuade the legislature to do. And then I noticed she yelled at you and said, get the hell out

of her shot. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Then hell. So the attitude that I've got on that whole

question of the legislature is that when I'm elected, that's, and I'm sure your eyebrows are

raised and saying, what are you talking about? It's impossible for Republican to win, and we'll get into

that. But I'm doing this on the basis that I will, and I'm preparing to actually start

implementing the big changes we need to make in a thoughtful manner on day one, because otherwise,

what's the point of doing this? Steve, do you think that there's legislative agreement or momentum

to give you the win, even though, to your point, I think it's quite significant that the

Democrats would signal that it's a legitimate policy proposal, but do you think that if you win,

people would see the forest from the trees and realize how important it would be to take salaries

under 100,000 to no state income tax?

Look, I've seen the Democrat arguments now up front many, many times.

We've done a lot of events together, some of the televised debates, many more that aren't televised.

We're literally all saying the same thing.

In terms of the diagnosis of the problem, it's incredibly expensive to live here.

people are really struggling.

The business climate is a disaster.

We're massively over-regulated.

We can't build anything.

Everything takes too long.

Everything's too complicated.

There's a real consensus about diagnosing the problem among all the candidates.

And so I think that that doesn't mean that we agree, of course, on the solutions.

I would argue that the Democrats all, you know, as some version of more of the same, actually,

despite what they say about the problems.

But I think that there are certain things where we will be able to get agreement.

I also think that when you have a situation where you have the first Republican governor elected for 20 years, that really will change the dynamic in Sacramento.

I think it will, it actually may loosen things, loosen things up a little bit because I think that there are people there in the legislature who really understand that things have gone too far.

I mean, some of them said it to me personally, Democrats there,

but they feel constrained by the current political situation,

the machine being in control, they can't really move.

And I think that'll shake things up a little bit.

That's one point.

Secondly, you know, I really do have experience

working across party lines like this.

I think that I'll be able to bring some of that into play.

I mentioned earlier I worked in 10 Downing Street,

senior advisor to the prime minister.

He was a conservative prime minister,

but it was a coalition government.

and I literally shared an office in 10 Downing Street with my opposite number from another party.

And we would, you know, hash things out and argue.

You know, we were part of the team that negotiated a coalition agreement and then tried to implement it.

And I think that those skills of actually putting something together where you don't agree about everything,

but you can make some things happen.

I mean, you'll be useful in this situation.

And I think we can.

I mean, look, everyone agrees we can't go on.

like this in California. And it's not farcical to think a Republican can't win here. Pete Wilson

did two terms, Schwarzenegger did two terms. That's 16, I guess, of the last 36 years.

It is completely conceivable that a Republican could win. And you and Katie Porter have the same

plan. I think Chad Bianco has the same plan, which is under 100,000. All of you agree, no taxes.

You're all attacked affordability. They don't believe in cutting services, though. They want to

increase taxes on businesses, if I'm correct. And so why is that plan not as good as yours, I guess,

is the question, which one do you think will be more appealing to the voters? Would the voters,

I think they'll all agree paying less taxes, fantastic, makes you more competitive with Florida

and Texas. But if they had their druthers, they're probably going to want to see Google and Apple

pay more in taxes and not lose their services. Yeah, but we're losing jobs. And I think that that's the

consequence of

if you're squeezing

businesses and high earners

more and more and you're seeing it right now.

You're seeing the business exodus

if the billionaire tax proposal goes through.

I mean, that absolutely puts,

you know, I think that's a just complete disaster

for the tech ecosystem

and what we've built in Silicon Valley

over the years and all the job creation

and wealth creation that comes with that.

You're seeing, I mean, it's not just tech,

Everywhere you go in the state, there are so many conversations.

You sit down with business people, you know, we are on the brink of leaving.

I don't think people realize quite how near the cliff edge we are.

And I give you another example.

I was just in Pomona the other day down in Southern California.

Fantastic companies, sheet metal.

It's an HVAC duct manufacturing.

It's exactly the kind of thing you'd want here.

They're union jobs, actually.

It's a great manufacturing facility.

they are making the 8 these HVAC systems,

the air condition, incredibly important as, as you know,

for TSM and these semiconductor factories

and all these high-end manufacturing that's happening in other states

in these facilities now massive amounts of investment

in the AI economy and tech more broadly,

but none of it's happening in California.

I mean, we just published our policy report on that today,

how we can get some of that full stack of those jobs in California.

But that company, they said to me, since the facilities are all now being built in other states,

we're on the brink of moving our facility to be closer.

Because what's the point of making this stuff in California?

It's not going to be used because nothing's happening.

Nothing's going to be happening in California.

So you have to stop this squeeze on business.

You really do.

Let me ask about the broader cost of living for a second.

probably the most impactful cost to people's lived experience is the cost of housing.

Yeah.

Double-click into that for a second.

For the 40 million residents of California, what is going on?

Why are rents so high?

Why are homes so expensive?

And what can actually be done to make the cost of living and rent cheaper?

So the thing, this particular issue I think almost captures better than anything else,

the underlying structural reasons why everything is so difficult in California and so expensive

because you've got these three structural forces that I think underpin the problem and show

why a Democrat can't fix it.

And the three things are union power, litigation and climate dogma.

and they all come together in the housing story.

The first part of the story is that we're just not building enough homes for the number of jobs that we're creating and the size of our population.

It's a classic supply and demand situation.

Now, within that, there are certain, you know, wrinkles.

You could point out that because of rent control, which has got completely out of control, there are a lot of empty properties in California that could be used to house people, but they're not.

because landlords don't want to do it because the rights have swung so far in favor of tenants.

But I don't think that's the major driver.

The major driver is the fact that we just haven't built enough housing of different kinds.

And if you go through the reasons for that and why it's so expensive, it brings into play these three factors.

First of all, it just costs more to build anything in California.

The same exact floor plan, house, apartment building, industrial building, whatever it is,

cost two or three times more to build in California than in neighboring states. The first reason

is the building codes, the actual requirements for construction, which is way more owner is driven

by climate dogma that actually doesn't really provide much climate benefit. What does that mean climate

dog? Well, you have to install. Here we are. Because like Nevada's hot and drought ridden and Arizona has

issues. So what is it that we say that those states don't say? So when you build apartments,

when you build parking,

you have to put in

EV charging

and the scale of what's required

for the EV charging

just makes it more expensive.

You have to, you know,

like you do a parking structure,

they have to reinforce the floors,

the bays have to be wider.

Just it adds,

you can have fewer bays per structure.

There's specific costs associated with that.

Solar panels.

We talked about that earlier

in terms of low,

income apartments that taxes are paying for, developers have to pay for that as well.

Insulation, energy efficiency. All these things are good. And I think that's pretty much the story

of California, which is things that start with good intentions, actually end up being taken to an

extreme where it just makes it too expensive to build at a rate that people can afford to buy

the properties. And the other two are really that Seqa, where anybody can sue on behalf of...

Exactly, the private right of action under Seqra.

But let's unpack that because that brings together the three things, climate litigation and unions,

because Seqa, the California Environmental Quality Act itself is a nightmare in terms of the amount of regulation you have to comply with.

The private right of action means anyone can sue.

70% of Sequa lawsuits are used to block housing.

Most of those lawsuits are filed by unions.

they're used as leverage to negotiate what they call project labor agreements,

where you have an agreement for the site,

and usually they have one of both one or two of these components,

both of which sound great, skilled and trained workforce,

which means union only, so it's a closed shop and prevailing wage.

Again, sounds very good, but it's two or three times market rate wages.

So both of those things inflate the cost.

Often, I've spoken to many developers, there aren't enough.

workers in the area to actually do the job.

So they have to sometimes fly them in from other states to do the job and the cost of travel

and accommodation.

It's just crazy.

This is the key, Chamoth.

There's no equivalent to CEQA in Texas, where I now reside after 20 years in California.

The other thing is the fees.

It's $30,000 per door in fees to the government.

To build a door in California, it's under $1,000 in Texas.

And in California, it has three times the new units per capita than California.

So every year, we produce three times as many new homes per capita.

Just a simple question, though, guys.

Put this into chat, GPT or whatever.

California's mandate with CEQA is to protect the air, protect the water, protect the land,

by some measures.

Texas doesn't have it.

Is it the case that Texas's air is worse, the water is worse, and the land is worse?

No, definitely not.

So is it roughly the same, meaning the particular count, the pollen count, is the air quality

the same? Because if it is, then what is CEQA doing other than just slowing down and retarding

the progress of housing?

Why hasn't that study?

Because I think, again, all of this guys comes back to when the data is presented in a way

that's factual, there's very little room for people on both sides to all.

argue it because they're all relatively smart. It's when it's presented either in a partisan way

or by somebody who reeks of partisanship that I think people attack the messenger versus the message.

So I'm just trying to understand why hasn't the California government confronted this?

It has the highest rents in America. It has the highest poverty rate in America. And it also has

the highest regulation that has the lowest and the slowest unit housing growth. Steve, I guess what I'm

asking you is how does that not get to the legislature floor? Okay, I'll tell you it's, I'm afraid

the answer is the corruption within the system and the interest groups that have taken over the

system. I'll tell you a story, which is my first, I know a lot about housing policy because the first

area of policy I studied when I decided that I wanted to get into the whole world of policy

and politics in California. I actually tried to get a ballot initiative qualified for the ballot

that would have two elements to it.

One is what Jason just mentioned,

capping impact fees,

which are now up to about 20% of the cost of housing.

I wanted to do a statewide cap of 3%

of construction costs.

And the second component was eliminating

the private right of action under secret.

I didn't succeed in getting it on the palette,

didn't raise enough money in time.

So then I tried to pursue it through the legislator,

I said, well, let's see if we can make something happen

in the legislature.

I went to Sacramento, I took meetings with legislators, started to engage with Sacramento.

There was one meeting I had with the legislator who was described to him as good on housing.

This is a person you need to talk to.

And we had a great meeting.

They said, this would be transformational.

I said, great, let's work on it together, bipartisan, you're Democrat, I'm a Republican,

that'd be great, people like that.

Oh, I couldn't support you publicly.

Why not?

Well, the unions would hate it.

Why?

Because if you take away the private right of action,

you take away the unions leverage. And I said, yeah, but you just told me it would be transformational.

We were sitting in an office. You could see the state capital down below, high up. They just waved

their arm around like this and said, yeah, the unions run this place. And that's the real reason.

If you look at, for example, Newsom touted these two bills last year, AB 130, AB 131, that we're going to

solve the housing crisis. He said, this is the moment where we are embracing abundance and all the

Resfit. Big Sequeua exemptions for certain types of housing. But if you look at the fine print,

tucked away in it, you only get the exemptions if you have these project labor agreements

and union closed shop and prevailing wage. So you're just writing back in exactly the things

that Seque is causing the cost increases from. So because the union, and let's follow it all the way

through, if you look at Gavin Newsom's political donations, over the 16 years he's been running

statewide, just as a proxy for Democrat politicians, by category. The number one category,

government unions. Number two, trial lawyers. Number three, non-government unions. So that's why

nothing changes, because the interest that benefit from this system are funding the politicians

that make the decisions. Yeah, and Chumontz, to your other question of like, is the environment better

since 1970, when this regulation came into pass, California still has the worst air quality in the

country, largely because of the addiction to cars and traffic. And then Texas, as a comparison,

just has industrial waste problems because we have a lot of chemicals here or chemical processing

done here. So we have a car-loving culture in California. To your point, Jason, as part of our

cultural fabric driving down Highway 1, it's just a very iconic thing that's embedded in the state.

Steve, I have two questions. What has all of the incremental regulations done with respect to

climate quality, whether it's EV mandates or the ice engine requirements? And then separately,

just as a more general way to explain it, why is gas in California $7 and $8 a gallon? And why is it

$3 everywhere else? Why is ours more than $2.X that it costs everywhere else, including

other states that are also quite expensive to live in.

Well, also that they don't, that we have the highest gas in the country, including Hawaii,

in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, even though we have abundant oil reserves here.

So we have way high gas prices than states that don't have oil reserves.

We actually have very significant oil reserves in California.

The fundamental reason that gas prices are so high is because, again, in the name of climate,

but without actually, actually in this case, it's counterproductive to climate.

Instead of using the production that we have here in California,

I've been to the oil fields in Kern County, mainly, near Bakersfield.

We are now importing nearly 80% of the oil that we use.

Over the period of the, really, this all started in 2006

with the passage of the global warming solutions.

That was the sort of foundational climate legislation in California.

Over that period, our use of fossil fuels has declined by not that much

in the proportion of our energy that's coming from fossil fuels.

is about 80% still.

The rest of the country, it's about 81%.

So it's barely any different.

But the difference is we used to produce most of what we use in state.

Now we are importing nearly 80%.

And that has driven up.

Because you have to strip it for halfway around the world.

Our number one provider is Iraq right now.

It's the number one source of oil.

Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.

The state of California itself, we are,

are the wholly dependent on Iraqi oil to sustain our economy?

It's not wholly.

It's the number one provider, yes.

So if you look at the sources of oil, number one, Iraq, number two, I think it's Ecuador and Brazil.

But the broader point on that is because the, we said, let's just go back a few steps.

We had a really strong energy industry and infrastructure in California.

where we produce most of the oil and gas that we use,

and we had refineries, about about 40 of them,

around the state, mostly in the Bay Area down in LA,

that refined and turned it into products that we use gasoline and so on.

Now we're down to seven refineries.

One of the main reasons for that is that we're not producing

what we could be refining.

We're shipping it in instead,

because there are no pipelines of,

there are no oil pipelines into California.

whatever we don't, if we don't use our own, we have to bring it in by tanker.

Because of this, and because of the fact that the refinaries were built to refine California crude,

which is known as heavy crude, they're different types around the world, you've got to have a good match.

Iraq provides Iraqi oil is a good match.

The other place whose oil is a good match for our refineries is South America.

And so as a result of Democrat climate policy, we are now expanding oil drilling in the Amazon rainforest

in order to provide the right kind of oil for California's refineries.

I mean, it's just so utterly insane and incoherent.

And of course, in the process, we're spewing out carbon emissions because the tankers run

on what's called bunker fuel, which is the most polluting form of transportation there is.

and just to make the whole insane scheme work,

CARB, the California Air Resources Board,

which is obsessed with having all other businesses

account for their carbon emissions right down the supply chain.

Miraculously, the carbon emissions for the oil imports

are only counted from when they're 12 miles off the coast of California.

It's just so crazy.

Change the finish line.

The taxes add like a dollar a gallon,

and then there's this carb standard.

It's about 60, yeah, it's more like 61.

I thought, well, 65, I can't remember exactly.

It's just going up again.

Yeah, it's just going up.

Most of the $2 premium, as it were, for California, is regulatory, not taxes.

And most of the oil, that's been pulled out of the ground in California.

We got the easy stuff out.

What's left is generally dirtier or thicker.

That's not true.

No, it's not right.

I've had lots of conversation with the industry on this.

And the problem is that you've got fields that could be producing.

And actually, it's a good example.

example of what you can do as governor without the legislature, because the way that they've been

shutting down production is not legislatively, is through an agency of the state government called CalGEM,

the California Department of Geologic and Energy Management. And it's simply a question of

refusing to issue permits for the various stages of production, including maintaining existing

wells or expanding. There's a process called side-tracking where you can take a well that's doing five

barrels a day and increase it to 100, whatever, and then drilling new wells in existing fields.

And they're denying permits for all of that. Actually, you can pretty much turn that around

overnight by appointing people who are pro-energy, who will issue permits, because I think there's

a simple common-sense rule here, which is, as long as we're using oil and gas in California,

let's use our oil and gas rather than importing it. But my conversations with the industry is that

I said, look, what could we do if we had a kind of green light from a governor and a regulatory

framework that just says, let's do what we can, let's produce what we can.

The estimate that I've got from them is that we can double production every two years in California.

If we're already one of the big gas-burning states with the worst air, or previously my state,

you know, then you're going to get into the circular conversation with the public of,

do we want the air quality to decrease?

And most people would say the EB credits were actually a good thing because we had 20

years of smog going down.

Even though we're still worse, it's gotten a lot better.

So that's to do with Harvard.

But there's a real misunderstanding.

So I completely agree on air quality.

And one of the major advances that has been made is on, it's picked in the L.A. Basin is on

smog.

Obviously, I wasn't here then, but people say, you know, it's really bad, and now it's not.

You have clean skies, and you can see Mount Boldie or whatever.

You know, it's like a really different world.

But that's nothing to do with carbon emissions.

And so, and that's to do with, actually, the main driver of the air quality improvements in California, actually are technology.

And if you look at EVs, I mean, EV penetration, even with all the subsidies and so on, it's incredibly low in California.

So you can't point, it's about four or five percent, something like that, tiny.

So actually, the improvements in air quality, dramatic improvements that you saw in L.A.

Were nothing to do with EVs.

Steve, I want to switch topics to education.

This is a thing that we on the pod talk about a lot.

We're all the byproduct of a pretty fantastic education system, affordable education, frankly, at every level.

We had options to pay for it.

We all had access to things like AP to really distinguish ourselves, even Jason.

That's true.

What's happening in the California education system?

Why are we stripping away things like AP?

And how do we tie compensation to outcomes?

Because I think a lot of us would want to pay teachers triple, but we'd want to tie it to something that says,

wow, the test scores are going up.

Our kids can read.

Our kids can write.

our kids can compete on the global stage.

And it just feels like we are moving backwards.

We really are.

And it's just, I mean, the numbers are horrific.

I mean, you've got, first of all, we spend nearly the most of any state per student right now in this year.

It's about 27,000.

It's more than just over 27,000 per student per year in California.

If you take the average out the money and we get some of the worst results in the country.

I think the number for, you know, is 47% that meet basic standards.

standards in English and reading, so less than half, meet basic standards. For math, it's

35%. So two-thirds do not meet the standards. It's just an insane level of failure,

considering we spend nearly the most. And I think, again, you've got to look at this in a practical

way. There's a long-term structural reform that I think we need, because the driver of this is really

the grip on the government school monopoly of the teacher unions, who increasingly have been

driven by ideological factors.

You saw that, for example, in the pandemic

when you saw the longest and most destructive

school closures in the country.

And I was always struck by L.A.,

the teacher union in L.A.,

when they put out their demands for reopening schools.

It was just a list of politics.

It was a wealth tax,

Medicare for all, something about Palestine.

You know, it's just,

they've completely become

an organized political interest.

group that's about their members and broader political goals rather than anything to do with

the interests of students and kids in schools. So I think that the fact that you've got this monopoly

is of the public tool system controlled by the unions. They, of course, in turn, control the politicians,

as I mentioned earlier, the number one donor to Democrat politicians of these government unions,

including the teacher unions. And so you've got to break that group. So I think that long term,

The answer is to move in the direction of school choice, which I've always been a strong advocate of.

You're seeing that school choice revolution across the country now.

Many states moving very rapidly in the direction with really good results.

It's not a panacea.

But I think that that is the long-term structural change you need.

But that takes a long time.

And it's going to be very, very hard to get that moving in California, given the fact that the teacher unions basically control the legislature through the Democrat politicians they put there.

So there are some practical things that we've got to do immediately to improve these basic standards.

And here we've got to look at what works elsewhere.

And you see a lot of attention now on Mississippi, rightly so, because for one third of this spend per student than California, their results are spectacularly better.

And it's really happened in the last 10 years.

And there's some simple practical things that they do.

Number one is how you teach kids to read. There's a technique of reading instruction.

I mean, this was a debate I remember having back in the day in England in the 90s, and it's pretty much settled then, which is there's a technique called phonics. It's a way to teach kids to read.

And it's totally clearly established as the most effective. It's barely used in California schools at all. It's like in a very small proportion of schools, the public schools.

So that's something that the governor can drive forward through the State Board of Education

where you appoint all the members.

Secondly, in Mississippi, they introduce something very common sense, which is, as everyone

in education says, up to about third grade, you're learning to read, and then from fourth

grade, you're reading to learn.

And if you can't read, you can't learn.

And so there's widespread consensus that reading by third grade, by the end of third grade,

is incredibly important benchmark.

in Mississippi, if you don't

pass the basic reading test

by end of third grade,

they give you a bit of help over the summer,

and if you still don't make it, you repeat the year.

They don't let you go forward.

That single change has transformed their results.

And then your point about accountability

also happens there where they give,

and this is something else that we could implement here,

which is taking the publicly available test scores

and data,

but really assigning it in a very visible way

to individual teachers and individual schools.

And that's one of the proposals I've got in my campaign,

which is a grade for every school and a grade for every teacher.

So we can reward the good ones and remove the bad ones.

Two more topics that Californians are very passionate about

and have a lot of opinions about.

I think one is pretty challenging,

and the other one seems pretty easy.

And other states have handled it where it's easier.

Crime and then homelessness.

crime, obviously, as a society, we've seen violent crime go down over the long arc of our

lifetimes in the last 40 or 50 years, but California still 30% more violent than the rest of the

country. So we definitely have a violence problem specific to California. And if you live in the

major cities, San Francisco, Los Angeles, they let people out for petty crimes under $850.

There seems, and we see going to a drugstore, everything's locked up. So there is a feeling

and a lot of debates over the numbers,

that there's a lot more property crimes.

Some people claim people don't report it anymore.

That was my lived experience in California.

What is your take on crime

and then we'll go to homelessness?

Yeah, I mean, it's just,

it's this classic thing in California

where they seem to be brilliant at passing laws, right?

Every year, more and more lords,

more bloat and bureaucracy, more nanny state nonsense.

Last session, for example,

they passed, this is one session, 1,118 bills.

That's the number of bills that the legislature passed.

We did an thing outside the state capital.

I mean, I'm not very tall.

We printed them all out, it's like double my height.

I mean, just ridiculous.

The point I'm making is really good at passing laws,

but not very good at enforcing them.

There's just something missing in terms of the willingness

to just enforce the law.

That's going to be one of the main points I make in terms of homelessness.

But when you get to crime, there's just this attitude.

I mean, there's something off about how the left has seen this issue.

And just when you think it's, you know, the worst excesses of defund the police and all that have receded,

you've now got them popping up.

What is it?

This new thing, micro looting, right?

Oh, micro looting.

Isn't New York Times and Slack podcasts are going on about, oh, it's fine,

because it's just social justice

and we're allowed to kind of

basically steal things

because it's so unbelievable

subversion of basic

values and morality.

It's just unbelievable.

On crime, it's very decentralized

in terms,

I mean, there's some state things

that need to be driven.

Remember, the law that you're talking about

that legalized theft

up to $950 a day,

that part has been overturned.

That was Prop 47,

which was a few years ago,

it's been overturned by Prop 36,

which was overwhelmingly passed.

in 2024 by about 70%.

But of course, it's not being properly implemented.

Gavin Newsom was against it.

And so were most Democrats in the state.

The people passed it anyway,

but now there's real resistance to enforcing it,

which is ridiculous.

In terms of the overall picture, though,

it is very localized.

You've got local police forces

and sheriff's departments and so on.

So my focus has been,

well, what can you do as governor?

And one of the biggest drivers,

I think,

the problem is it's really started with Jerry Brown before Gavin Newsom. Gavin Newsom's accelerated

it, which is the prison closure program. They've basically, also this is classic California,

they've reduced the number of prison places by half. Guess what happened to the budget?

It doubled. Not quite that bad, but like it's a classic. They double, they cut the numbers in half

double the budget. But the point, the serious point is that you've had tens of thousands of really

dangerous violent criminals, either released directly into the community or more, you know,

destructively for the system, transferred to county jails, which are now completely overcrowded.

And therefore, at the local level, the whole system is aware that you've had all these transfers

from state prison.

The system is full, and so there's no capacity.

and that really undermines the kind of accountability

that judges and prosecutors would want to seek at the local level

because they know the jails are full.

And so that in terms undermines law enforcement

because they say, what's the point?

I mean, I hear this term all the time from law enforcement around the state.

I'm traveling the state the whole time.

They talk about catch and release as the basic operating rule

for the kinds of crimes you're talking about.

You catch them, they just release.

Nothing happens.

And so that undermines law enforcement.

they think, why bother if we're just going to bring these people in and nothing's going to happen to them?

And that in turn undermines public confidence because everyone sees that.

And then they, as you just said, don't bother reporting it.

So a simple thing we can do that is completely within the governor's control is stop and reverse the prison closure program,

which is what I've committed to doing, is to increase prison capacity in California.

That means that you can relieve the pressure on county jails, but also that means that you can use the prisons for what they should be doing,

not just bringing accountability.

You commit a crime should be punished,

but also rehabilitation.

We've got one,

not the worst,

but one of the worst,

recidivism rates in the whole country.

And if we did,

one of the best states is Virginia,

they're less than half what we have.

That would massively reduce crime

if you just get,

you know,

you've got to take seriously

the rehabilitation part.

I mean, a huge proportion of prisoners

in these jails,

they can't read properly,

many have dyslexia.

You know, you've got to have a really serious view on it, and they just don't. They have an ideological

view. I think that is the problem with so many of these issues. It's ideology. In this case, it's

decarceration, can't have people in prison, prison is racist, criminal justice reform, all this

ideology instead of just practical things to keep people safe. Newsom shut down four or five of the

California state prisons, you're absolutely correct, according to my notes. And then it peaked in

2006, California had 165,000 people in state prisons now, 93,000 people. So it is definitely a

trend. And I think a lot of folks who are living here or who are living in California where I used to

live are not in favor of that. Looking at homelessness, is it intractable in California?

No. One thing I'll just point out, if people are interested in digging in further to some of the

things I've been saying, there's a couple of places you can go for real depth on this, which is the

last three years, I've been traveling the state and kind of learning about this stuff and

developing solutions. And I had a policy organization for that called golden together, golden

together.com. And you can find policy reports on many of these areas we've discussed and more,

including one on homelessness called ending homelessness. And actually my real partner in

developing that was some called Michelle Steeb, who's done a lot of work on this. She actually

run homeless shelters and really at the kind of street level.

of this for many, many years.

Also someone called Tom Wolfe, who's giving me a lot of great advice.

He's in San Francisco, a recovering addict, a recovered addict who's just fantastic.

He's very vocal on Twitter and a very common sense approach.

Yeah, exactly.

Okay, so it's very simply, I'll try and sort of capture it simply.

It's three points.

Number one, it actually already is illegal to live on, and the homeless and camps

already are illegal.

They've always been illegal.

It's another example of where we just got to enforce the law.

for years, local politicians in California hid behind a court ruling that is called the Boise ruling

for many years ago, which stated it's the Ninth Circuit ruling applies to the Western States,

which is that the statement there was you can't remove people from the street unless you have

sufficient shelter available locally. And they used this to say we can't remove people because

we don't have enough shelter. It didn't define what shelter was. They defined it as the

permanent supportive housing units costing $900,000 a door.

But it could have been, you know, a camp with costs.

You know, there's no reason.

But even that excuse has been lifted because there's a Supreme Court case

called Grants Pass versus Oregon in 2024 overturned that.

So there's no excuse.

These people running local governments, they have the power

and the legal authority to remove every single homeless encounter.

and they should. And my argument is, I'll give that once I'm elected, I'll give them a certain amount

of time. And if they haven't done it, then I'll use state law enforcement resources to take people

off the streets. And then you get to point two and three of the plan, which is, what are you,

you've got to give people help in a compassionate way, help them get their lives back on track.

So over 80% of people who are homeless have drug or alcohol problems, addiction, or severe

mental health problems. So you've got to deal with that. So the second part is drug and

alcohol recovery. You've got to get people into recovery. That used to be the rule in California,

rehab or jail, and we've got to get back to that. It can't be an option. We've got plenty of service

providers who can do it. You've got to require it. I mean, last year, going back to our point

about the legislature, even the Democrat legislature passed a bill called the Sober Housing Act,

which would have taken a certain proportion of homeless spending and allocated it to

shelter where you had a requirement was sobriety. Newsome, Vieter.

towed that bill. It's unbelievable. So we've got to have it 100% sober requirement for any kind of

state services on homelessness. The third part is mental health, where honestly going back to the

jail's conversation, you talk to sheriffs around the state. The number varies, but they say

50, I've heard as high as 70% of the people in their jails have severe mental health problems.

That's where we're actually treating people with mental health problems. Either they're on the street,

or they're in jail, is totally barbaric.

And one of the reasons is that when you're talking about the homeless population,

obviously low-income people, so it's very much entwined when you talk about mental health care

with Medicaid, with the federal system.

And there's a rule in Medicaid that was set up right at the beginning

when it was founded in the mid-60s called the IMD rule, institutions of mental disease.

And this was a time when they didn't want large mental asylums and whatever.

The idea was you have small facilities in the community.

So the rule is there is no Medicaid reimbursement to the states for any mental health care provided

in a facility with more than 16 beds.

It's a 16 bed rule.

Of course, that makes the whole thing incredibly uneconomic and inefficient.

Imagine if hospitals could only be 16 beds, how inefficient that would be.

The first Trump administration created a waiver, the IMD waiver, the states could apply for.

So you could get around the rule.

California, a lot of other states have taken that up. California hasn't. There's plenty of money

in the system. Like we've been saying, the budgets are there. They've just been diverted into the

wrong places. So the third part of the plan is to take the money that's currently going into the

homeless industrial complex, these ridiculous apartment units for people who should be either getting

mental health care or recovery treatment, take that money and put it into modern large-scale mental health

facilities. And then we can treat people properly.

work, that's a great place for you to put a big magnifying glass because that's where there's

massive amounts of corruption. You cannot believe how much we spend in this, or we spend in California

on homeless. And if you pay for something, you will get more of it and they're getting a lot more

of it. Steve, as we wrap up, give us the quarterback view of your paths to victory. Walk us through

the sequence of events, the key moments leading up to the primary vote and then from primary

to election day. What has to happen for you to get to second?

So we have the top two system for those who, I mean, another crazy California thing where you end up with two candidates going through to the general election regardless of party. The idea of this was to have more moderate politics ever since it was introduced. The state's gone further and further to the left. And so you've got various scenarios that are possible. Right now I'm leading in all of the polls on the Republican side. There's one other candidate.

I think with President Trump's endorsement of my campaign, I think we can expect, I'm pretty

confident that we can make it into the top two.

It's not certain.

We've got to, you know, fight very hard over the next month or so.

The ballots go out next week, early May.

But I think that we're going to have a top two with myself and one other Democrat.

And right now it looks as if it's going to be one of Tom Steyer, Katie Porter, or Javier Bocer.

and all of those three represent either no change from what we have now or a move even further to the left

in the wrong direction. So I think broadly the argument is going to be very straightforward,

which is, are you happy with the way things are going in California? Do you want more of it?

And if you do, vote Democrat, or do you think we need a change? So it's a classic, you know,

change versus more of the same election. Getting into the numbers, it's,

I know a lot of people look at California and say,

it's impossible for a Republican to win.

And Jason was pointing out we've had Republicans in the past,

but that was a long time ago.

And you could say special circumstances

because Arnold Schwarzenegger was elected in a recall election and so on.

And he was a celebrity who was highly notable and loves in Los Angeles,

half the state.

Exactly.

All of those things are true.

But, and so I've always said from the beginning of this,

that it's not going to be easy to win.

It's going to be very difficult because of the structural factors in California.

but it's not impossible.

And given the seriousness of our predicament

and how much I think the whole country depends

on a successful, growing, thriving, leading California,

then we should go for it

because getting things back in a common sense direction

is just a really important thing.

I would say California means to America,

what America means to the world.

And so this matters.

If you look at the numbers,

some people look at the voter registration numbers

and they say Democrats outnumber Republicans two to one.

And that is true.

But when you look at actual voting, the gap is a little bit closer.

Over the last 20 years where you haven't had Republicans elected,

pretty much the average Republican vote has been just over 40%.

So it's been like a 60-40 split.

Obviously, that's not close.

But the gap is perhaps not as wide as some people might think.

But then you look at a couple of factors that I really think are different this year.

first of all, there's a dissatisfaction with the way things are going that wasn't there before.

If you look at that basic number is the state on the right track, wrong track.

Even four years ago in the last governor's race, the wrong track number was going to mid to high 40s.

Now it's mid to high 50s.

So there's a majority for change in California, just put it that way, which is a good environment

to be going into as a candidate representing change.

The second point is if you look at the actual votes you're going to need to win, this is a midterm election, 26.

If you try and get some kind of sense of how many votes will be cast in the midterm election this year, take the average of the last two, 2018, 2022.

You get a total of 11.7 million total votes as an estimate. So to win, you're going to need just over half of that. Call it 5.9 million.

Now, when people say there aren't enough Republicans in California to win, in 2024 in the presidential race,

President Trump in California, without even campaigning here or spending money on ads or anything,

wasn't a targeted state.

Got 6.1 million votes.

In other words, there's more than enough people have just voted Republican for President Trump.

Now, of course, you're not going to get 100% of a presidential year turnout in the midterm election.

But the reason I make that point is that the votes are there actually, even with just Republicans.

Now, I don't think we're going to get there just with Republican votes, but that's the starting point, is a strong campaign to turn out Republican votes.

And a big driver for that this year that, again, it's a unique feature this year, is the fact that in November we're going to have voter ID on the ballot.

That just qualified for the ballot.

And Republicans particularly are enthusiastic about voter IDs.

I think to help us get a big turnout.

And then in terms of the coalition for victory,

I think that you've got a real opportunity to put together

the kind of multiracial working class coalition

that President Trump put together

because going right back to where we started,

it's working class people who are really, really struggling

and being hammered the most by these policies.

They get to vote directly for no taxes, no state income taxes.

Exactly, because that's my tax plan.

I just put this out there just the other day,

is no and no tax on tips. That's the other part. I mean, which has been implemented at the

federal level, but California won't do it at the state level. Just my whole plan is geared to a three

dollar gas. I call it Cal affordable. Three dollar gas, cut your electric bills in half, your first

hundred grand tax free, a home you can afford to buy. Really simple, practical, common sense

things that particularly help the people who've been hurt the most over the last few years. And I think

That's how we pull this off.

Steve, on behalf of All In, I just want to say thank you for being so incredibly candid and open with us.

We're wishing you the best of luck.

Thank you so much.

And just from my seat, if you wanted to...

Jason's moving back.

No, I mean, if you wanted to just, I left for a reason, and part of it was the dysfunction

of the state.

And if you want things to continue, I think, you know, having an unbalanced government that's all in one party is a way to do that.

You've got to try to find some balance here.

And I think why not give it a shot if you're in California, you have nothing to lose.

The state is in a massively dysfunctional situation.

So I wish you great luck, Steve Hilton.

Thank you, guys.

Great to be with you.

All right.

Cheers now.