=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Hollywood Chases Internet Horror, Love Island Prediction Markets, Phoebe Gates Affiliate Drama, 𝕏 Timeline Reactions & More
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/hollywood-chases-internet-horror-love-island-prediction-markets-phoebe-gates-affiliate-drama-timeline-reactions-more
Datum: 2026-07-13
Länge: ~103k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TBPN Ultradal, the Teflipf Technology, the Fortress of Finance, the Capital of Capital.

Time is money.

Save both.

Easily used corporate cards, bill pay accounting a whole lot more all in one place.

S.K. Heinex is up.

Successful IPO, up 14% in the Wall Street debut.

The South Korean memory chip giant.

S.K. Hinex made its NASDAQ.

you today, raising $26.5 billion in the largest ever first-time U.S. share sale by a foreign

company.

Demand reportedly exceeded the available shares more than sevenfold, but to give a sense of

like the scale of this thing, normally when we hear about 7x over-subscribed IPOs,

you might be expecting like 100% pop, 80% pop.

But at this level of price and demand, you're just seeing a 14% pop.

But still a great debut nonetheless.

The company's American depository receipts opened, the ADR shares, opened at 170, 14% above the 149 they were offered at,

giving S.K. Hinex a market cap of roughly $1.03 trillion.

We got another one, another trillion dollar company in the AI boom.

The Blockbuster listing caps an extraordinary run for memory manufacturers fueled by surging demand from AI systems.

systems, particularly for high bandwidth memory, used alongside advanced AI accelerators.

SK Hynix, Samsung, U.S.-based Micron dominate the global memory market.

And S.K. Hynix is Korean-listed shares are up over 600% in the past year.

Tyler, is that good?

Rushed to gain exposure to one of the AI boom's most critical bottlenecks.

But it's been tricky to get shares and participate in Ska-Honics because you've got to go over to the Cospy.

You've got to go over to the South Korean Index.

Instead, now you can just head to the NASDAQ and get your ADR shares in SK Hynex.

So congratulations to the whole team over there, a massively successful IPO.

There's more coverage in the Wall Street Journal.

The Wall Street Journal asks a question.

They say, why is SK. Heinzks trading under a temporary ticker symbol?

They're currently trading under the temporary ticker, S-K-H-Y-V, before reverting to a permanent ticker on Monday, S-K-H-H-Y.

The V is the temporary symbol, in the temporary symbol, indicates the shares are trading on a when-issued basis.

They haven't been fully issued yet, meaning the exchange is allowing investors to buy and sell the stock on its first U.S. trading day before the transaction actually settles.

They're sort of being eased into the American markets.

This is not the case with all ADRs, all American depository receipts, but rather a tool used to close the gap when a transaction has been announced, but the actual delivery of the shares hasn't finished.

So all in process now to bring S.K. Heenks to the American markets.

And that looks like a lot of red, but the stock is up.

It just opened at 170.

And so the fact that it is flat relative to where it opened does not reflect the 14% pop or 16% pop.

What was it?

14% pop from the actual issuance price.

Most of the folks that bought shares in the IPO, that $26 billion that went into the company.

Of course, situational awareness.

There were a few others.

Bailey Gifford all participated early, at least important to early news.

I assume that those transactions closed.

They are all sitting up 14% today.

And we'll be continuing to follow this.

Canter in the chat says CERN has only been off for a week and John is dressing casual.

Ooh, you think it's a conspiracy.

I like it.

I like it.

Unlock seamless real-time experience is a new value with Cisco.

5.6 launched yesterday, 5.6 Seoul and Soul Ultra.

And people are having fun with it.

More and more demos are hitting the timeline.

There's a lot of controversy over the desktop app for Mac.

We can get into that.

But first, let's play a little bit of this video.

Someone tried to recreate all of Interstellar,

truly trying to infuriate Christopher Nolan the most, probably.

is the exact opposite of what he wants to see, I imagine, considering that he doesn't even use

CGI very often, some miniatures occasionally.

He uses a little bit of movie magic here and there, some set extensions, I'm sure.

But this is an incredible demo, although I don't think this will be picking up a billion

dollars at the box office anytime soon.

But it is incredible that you're able to sort of go from prompt to 3D model to

rendering so quickly, very, very cool demo.

And it feels like a new meme, a new art form.

You have to be creative with it.

Merely recreating Interstellar is not going to do it anything.

It's not going to do anything other than just be an impressive demo of the technology.

But when you look at what people have done with Blender,

you can imagine that with creativity added to this in a new storyline

and something that leans into the rough edges of this particular technology.

Well, there's also going to be a whole meta of like I recreated interstellar, but I cast

Connor McGregor as, you know.

And I imagine that this gets even more powerful when you use style transfer and video models on top.

I've been seeing a lot of people block out AI videos, either just using their iPhone.

So they'll just have like, you're playing an actor who's playing like an old character.

And then you're reading the lines.

You're giving the delivery.

and then that is used as the driving video for some of these AI video models.

And you get much better results with that.

And I've also seen people block out little examples of driving scenes or different mechanical scenes in Blender

and then use an AI video model to take it to high fidelity.

And because the video model has an underlying reference that is deterministic and physically accurate,

even though it's low fidelity,

like blocky, you wind up with a better AI video at the end of the project. So you can imagine someone

taking an idea, puppeteering a 3JS model like what's happening here, and then adding basically

a style transfer layer on top with AI video to get to something that's a lot more photo real and more

striking. But again, you wind up in this situation where if you, you can go and recreate

interstellar perfectly, but at the end, you just have interstellar, which already exists and is

available to stream and so you didn't really get anything in the process. You have to bring something

special to the table. But I'm excited for the inevitable mashups of this, the Connor McGregor starring

in Interstellar or something like that, because people will be creative with it eventually. But

it's day one. So also there's a broccoli farmer that's running his farm on GPT's 5.6 apparently.

This was in the demo video, but Daniel 10 Rero shares a very funny meme showing

The, I don't even know what aesthetic this is.

This is the DeShare Zone aesthetic.

That was the account that shared all of this.

The extreme skeleton with the two revolving pistols.

Very fun.

Daniel Tren Rero shares some more information.

He says, we were promised flying cars,

and instead we got a broccoli farmer running his farm with GPT 5.6.

I don't know.

It's still relevant to show a demo that is as far afield.

Everyone knows how these models can be used for research, how these models can be used for coding.

That gets a little boring.

I want to imagine something completely different that I can then pull into my daily life.

What is the equivalent task that I'm doing in my life that I can take?

We sort of differ on this sometimes.

You think that a lot of these things are self-explanatory.

This is Joe Wisenthal position, too.

This is like AI has no learning curve.

I disagree.

I think that it doesn't necessarily have a learning curve, but there is a,

an educational process that happens when you're presented with a blank box, you can type anything.

People need to understand the fringes of their imagination, what is possible, and then they can

go and reach for that tool.

But the tools are getting sharper, and sometimes they get sharper without the box actually

changing.

Yeah.

Because it's just a box of what do you want to build or what do you want to do.

Yeah, not everyone has a Tyler where I tend to prompt Tyler.

Yes, yes, yes.

goes into codex.

Yes.

There was another video that was shaking up the timeline.

People were going back and forth on how fast this model was building in, is this Blender?

Blender.

This is Blender, right?

Yeah.

So it's building a 3D cannon modeling it and adding different primitives, different spheres and toruses.

And the video is not sped up.

And Chris says

5.6 soul is

and what I assume is

750 tokens per second in the wild.

That is the preview of cerebrus.

But this apparently was not actually

Yeah, it's Seoul Ultra on fast mode.

So we should be seeing even faster

rollouts. Although every time I see this, I think...

And this is just computer use.

Yeah.

Like it this is not this is not an like an integration.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

It's it's it's it's an interesting experience watching a machine use your machine at a rate that would be completely impossible unless it was like your entire bit online was like I just use software really fast.

Yeah.

It is.

Yeah.

It's a interesting sort of feel.

the AGI moment.

They got to go back and beat the original Dota 2 model with just computer use.

Because the original Dota 2, what was it, Dota 5?

Is that what is it called?

Yeah, I think that's what the Open AI project was called.

Yeah.

So there was this, it was brought up in the court case a ton.

And there was an AI model that was, I don't even, was it even transformer based?

I know they RLed on Dota, but

Basically, they were able to interact with the video game, Dota, but essentially over an API.

And so they were able to send different commands, but they weren't actually clicking.

And a big thing in League of Legends and Dota, too, and all of those games is you have to physically move the mouse.

And so actions per second or actions per minute APM is like very important.

And so when you watch the greatest League of Legends players or the greatest Dota 2 players play, they're StarCraft.

Yeah, StarCraft.

They're clicking super fast, and it's very impressive from like a mechanical perspective.

And so it shouldn't be that surprising that even though it was a demonstration of thinking ahead and strategy

and actually balancing all the different tradeoffs in these games,

when the computers won in Dota 2 and Starcraft and whatnot,

it was impressive, but the question was always,

how long until you can just give the computer the mouse, the raw mouse and keyboard,

and just the images from the screen, and can it still win with that?

Because that's much more akin to what a human does.

Yeah, I was just going to say, like, yeah, they weren't transformers.

It was LSTMs, which is like a pre-transformer.

Yeah, long, short-term reasoning, right?

Long-true.

Long-term memory.

Anyway, Packing McCormick is having fun with 5.6 soul.

He says it one-shoted this on its own.

He didn't ask for a new logo.

It's just like, look, bro, you need a new logo.

I actually think you should adopt this.

It looks cool. I like it.

He says it's part of a web design based on a link to a cosmos.

Not perfect, but way better than any other time I've tried.

And that's been the big talking point is like they were behind on,

or the GPT models were sort of behind on front end and design.

And this is a big leap forward in that.

So I'm excited to see.

Nick on the Codex team is asking is this image gen?

I think it might be.

Well, I mean, that's the thing about Soul and Codex.

But it's been generating.

Now, if you're asking it to build a site, it will generate you a preview image.

Image.

And so I think this is the preview image for the site.

Yep.

Which is...

The really confusing thing is that the image model now has tool use and can scaffold

things out in HTML if it needs to.

And so like all of these different models are sort of blending together at this point.

Michael had a very funny interaction where he got banned for OpenAI for cyber abuse.

He had no idea what he did.

He pasted the ban notice into Codex, which I don't know how he was still using Codex if he was banned,

but he said he asked it to figure out what triggered the ban.

Codex found that it had asked for an API key to his own server.

Codex wrote the appeal, submitted the appeal.

A few minutes later, the appeal was auto-approved by an AI at OpenAI.

So he was banned by AI, convicted by AI, defended by AI, and pardoned by AI in about 10 minutes.

What a funny, funny, round trip in the world.

So there's a bunch of pushback on the new ChatGPT desktop app

because it is the super app.

It unifies Codex.

The new ChatGPT app is just the Codex app.

And when you install it, you can keep the old ChatGPT app as ChatGPT Classic.

But a lot of people don't like that because

the Codex app is written in Electron, which means it's a bunch of web views, web browsers, effectively, as opposed to the chat.

The app, which was the native app, and had a bunch of integrations that people had sort of come to know and love.

And so this is like a change in the user experience if you're deeply embedded in a particular workflow.

This could be somewhat annoying because you have to use the legacy app and who knows how long they'll support that.

the flip side is like, I just don't know how many people were daily driving chat GPT as a Mac desktop app.

We've heard from someone on the team that was effective for cheating and we won't talk who it was.

So I would sometimes use it because there was like a very nice shortcut.

Yeah.

So it was like I think Control Plus or Command Plus is the normal like main search on Mac.

But it was like a very easy way to interact with the models.

Yeah.

I wonder if that can just be.

Can that just be, like, can that shortcut just be created with the new Codex or Chat Chachapit

work app where you just bind that same key shortcut?

But, I mean, it is making the user do work, which is always, always a tricky thing.

But I feel like for most people's workflow, at least for mine, it was the desktop app that I

used was Codex.

And then when I wanted to interact with ChatGPT in a chat flow, I would do a new tab.

and then on my phone

I would have the chat GPT app

and then the chat GPT app on my phone

could talk to Kodax on the desktop

but I never actually needed to open

the chat GPT desktop app

but maybe I'm just weird

but I don't know we'll see as this

same flow for me

Tebow says we spent the last 24 hours

reading feedback looking at usage patterns

and talking with many of you

the short version is that there's a lot of excitement

for 5-6 chat dpD work on mobile

and web but we also didn't get everything

quite right. We made it too easy to use the highest compute settings without making the impact

on usage limits sufficiently clear. They reorganize the desktop app and one bold move,

making familiar things like chats and projects harder to find. Our launch framing was focused on

work and to some of our Codex fans that made it feel like Codex was going away over time.

Absolutely not our intention. We love Codex and it is here to stay. And then anyways,

Long story short,

Reset,

usage limits are getting reset twice today,

so people can keep experimenting.

Hammer.

Plan out some sites.

There's also some confusion

over the difference

between chat GPT work

and chat GPT codex.

And I wonder

when people go

or the other.

One place to do things.

Yeah, the Omni box

that can do anything for you.

Yeah.

And I think that's obviously

where it goes,

but there's a walk-crawl run.

integration points and there's, and people have ingrained, ingrained experiences and workflows and

habits and there's all sorts of different tradeoffs here. There's a, there's a good point that,

like, there is no enterprise Google search. Like, you just use Google at work, you use Google at home,

it's all one box that gives you answers, and there was never like a dividing line between

these two things. And so that's probably where all of this goes ultimately. But I don't

I was chatting with, there was a lot of pushback on the fact that there's no chat, there's no native chat window.

There's like a slight pop-up, like a small little mini pop-up for your just general chat chepti usage when you're in the chat-GPT app, which is now codex and work.

And so that can be a little bit confusing.

But maybe the end result is that you should just be hammering new task for everything.

Like I demoed this today.

I was doing some research on the most recent story that we're going to talk about with Phoebe Gates's company, FIA.

And I asked a very chat GPT-like question.

I just dumped it in Kodax.

I was like explain how this story is different than what happened with honey.

Is there anything illegal here?

Or does it just break the norms of affiliate marketing?

Do a bunch of research.

put it together in a couple paragraphs, and it just did it like it was chat GBT.

So I think that over time you should just chat with codex or work, whichever one you prefer, I guess,

like it's chat GBT, and it will come back to you in a similar time.

You'll be able to select models just like you want.

It'll be all of the same things.

But then you've got to mirror that over the phone as well.

So I don't know, some potentially growing pains as the as the as the as the,

as the app evolves and the use cases evolve.

What do you laughing at?

Nothing, John.

What?

Should we move on to the next?

What are you looking at?

What are you looking at?

The most recent one?

How dare you?

Let's move on.

Let's move on to console.

Oops.

Actually, let's tell you about Kodak's.

There we go.

Tonex is a powerful workspace for getting things done with AI agents.

Whether you're writing code, analyzing data, creating content, or automating business

workflows.

Codex.

People are saying...

...projects forward from start to

People are saying it's a horse for the mind.

A horse for the mind.

So the meta bull case.

Semi-analysis wrote a long piece about the future of MSL, what's going on there.

Very interesting contrarian take.

I think a lot of people were confused by the expansion of activities and sort of an entirely new business line with B-to-B sales.

And we've discussed the bull cases here, the benefits.

Obviously, there's a ton of benefits with the ad model.

They have the cash flow to draw down on.

There's a lot of different things that we can go through.

But let's read some of the reactions first, and then we can go into the semi-analysis piece.

So boring business says people don't realize that Zuckerberg is all in on AI because he refuses

to pay a 30% tax to platform owners for the rest of his life.

Meta caught the shift toward mobile back in the early 2010s, but they were never able to create

their own hardware platform to capture users in their ecosystem.

system. As a result, they got stuck paying a 30% tax to Apple on in-app purchases, which has cost

meta billions of dollars in profit. That makes no sense to me. No one buys ads via in-app purchases.

Every advertiser I know uses the web-based ad manager. Also, I add ads, I believe, count as like

a real-world service. So there's not, like there's a lot of things you order in the, that you order

on mobile apps like groceries.

It's kind of a digital good, but yes, I agree with you that it would be exempt from that.

Yeah, but it's like eyeballs, right?

It's like impressions.

Yes.

Which like eyeballs.

Yes.

Human attention is not a digital good.

It is like a real world thing.

Yes.

So if I open up the Amazon app on my iPhone and I buy a t-shirt, Apple does not get 30% of that because that's a real world.

Or DoorDash.

Good example.

Or a movie ticket.

Yes.

But if I go to.

to Kindle or Netflix and I subscribe or even like the X subscription premium, Apple will take 30%

if I buy Fortnite V bucks or Roblox or any digital good.

Yeah.

And I could see Apple saying, look, if you want to be able to, because in the in the meta platforms,

you can be in Instagram and you can just say, I want to boost this post.

And you can put down your credit card.

pay for that. And you can get started on the advertising flow as a very small business, I think

through effectively in app purchases. Yeah. So maybe the bigger thing is just like,

maybe billions is right. You have this one of the largest companies in the world. Yeah. Yeah. And

you have to constantly be playing nice and sort of sucking up to Apple who is sort of actively,

who doesn't like you. Like Apple is, like you can imagine, what do Apple? What do Apple?

executives think about meta if you were to ask them over coffee off the record. And it would be like,

we don't like meta. And so that's fundamentally like a very, very uncomfortable position to be in.

And so that is like the main. That's like the main. He doesn't want to be in a position running his

company where he has to ask for permission for things. His business is sort of like running,

running with permission from this like platform right um and so an example with that somebody brought

it up i think Andrew meta lost billions from Apple because of the permissions prompt yes

you know making it harder to just run their core advertising business yeah um and so i think

there's just a lot of PTSD from that and also there's so much that's like there's so much

that is very unpredictable about where AI is going.

Like, it's possible that we get to the point

where you don't go to a bunch of different social media

platforms and you're just, like, talk,

your agent is just kind of surfacing content for you on the fly.

Like, there's so much, like, potential disruption.

I think the stance is, like,

I would rather participate in this massive technology cycle

than, then, and how,

a shot at being a big part of it, then just like hope nothing bad happens to me.

The other thing I've always felt is like, you know, with the glasses, you're just going to be

able to, like, he sees a world.

Like the glasses are more of a new platform bet right now than AI.

And I just think he wants to be in a world where you're wearing your very, very cheap pair

or maybe even free pair of glasses around.

They act as your phone and your computer.

And you can look at stuff and say, buy you.

me that and he's getting a cut of it. You're walking by a restaurant and it pops up an offer and it says

like free boba for any orders over $20 and he's getting a cut of that. Right. So like he and that and that

that will be like some type of like always on intelligence. So yeah it all it all totally makes sense

even if it is like deeply sort of like chaotic and at times confusing. Yeah. At least over the last year.

The funny thing about the glasses as a platform is AI spending is so huge that he can probably bring back a lot of the reality lab spending and sort of just tuck it in a bucket and people won't notice if there's an extra $8.

I'm not leaving.

Yeah.

I mean, if there's an extra $8 billion spent on the next version of the meta-rayban displays or something, people would be like, oh, it's a rounding air compared to the $200 billion on data centers or whatever.

Ari says, puts it well, the tax meta pays to Apple is the fact that they can't track users cross-platform.

Yeah, yeah, totally.

So continuing with this analysis, Zuckerberg has been keen on making this natural monopoly or duopoly structure doesn't emerge again in AI where a couple of players can become the toll booth for accessing every platform on the web.

For Zuck, this is existential.

And if he has to burn every last dollar free cash flow today to achieve this, he will do it.

If that sounds crazy, look at it from the perspective of Zuckerberg.

He has held a job.

He has never held a job at his entire life.

Being met a CEO is all he's ever known since he was 18 years old.

He has nothing to lose.

He's the exact type of person you should never bet against no matter what odds someone gives you.

That's a good point.

Mohan here adds some extra context around the in-app ads revenue.

In-app ads is 2% of ad revenue.

That's actually pretty high.

And then they do pay 30% on that.

I think the chat confirmed that as well.

So 98% of FB revenue is not tied to Apple,

but the bigger challenge is everything that you just laid out around the front door and the privacy and tracking and all this hostility.

The other interesting thing is like I do think the screen time is at least like a flashing warning light.

Like I personally noticed as an early adopter of LLMs that my screen time has switched much more towards chat GPT and LLMs and deep research reports just because if I see something interesting,

Oh, there's a car video on Instagram will often switch over and then start prompting to actually learn more.

Whereas before that would have required a whole bunch of Google searches, you might have to sit down and like collect a document.

Like you're not actually going to do that.

Now I've been noticing that I'm much more in like the hour a day on Chachapitee versus hour a day on Instagram.

And so I don't know if I'm just like the early adopter that will never do that.

But you can certainly see that people are spending a lot of time with AI.

systems. And as you've put it before, like wherever consumers, wherever people are spending time is an important place to have a foothold at least.

Continue. So what semi-analysis wrote yesterday, which is what I believe actually moved the market, not the model release itself.

Semi-analysis said at the simplest level, there are three things you need to build a true frontier model, data, talent, and compute.

we believe meta is the only hyper scaler slash neolab on track to be world class at all three

and therefore has the best chance at catching up with Anthropics slash OpenAI.

We'll explain why in full detail below.

And so Alex Wang quoted this in a funny way.

He said compute daddy, Dylan Patel has spoken.

That's a good point.

So, yeah, pretty, and yes, the stock is up 6%.

Wang quoted, quote, tweeted polymarket money, which said meta jumps over 6% of the open as investors react to yesterday's Muse Spark 1.1 release.

Again, I don't really think that they were reacting to Muse Spark as much as semi-analysis saying there's a, there's a really good boardings here.

So yeah, Alex Wang said nice with the thumbs up.

So he's pumping the stock.

What's interesting is like the crazy thing is that like semi-analysis,

just like completely leaving out SpaceX and...

They didn't leave out SpaceX and Google.

They said...

But saying...

They said SpaceX is selling $26 billion a year worth of GPUs to Anthropics slash Google,

and that's why they're not in the race.

even though it is odd because meta might wind up selling a lot of GPUs,

it's sort of unclear what the breakdown will be,

but they're at least laying out a narrative that if meta picks it up,

would differentiate them from SpaceX AI in some ways, I think.

But yeah, I agree with you.

But they're essentially saying that like Gemini doesn't have,

because Gemini has compute and data.

Yeah.

They're saying, they're effectively saying Gemini does not have talent.

Yeah.

Right?

They're saying you need all three.

I don't know.

Yeah.

Well, the main thing that they were focused on outside of the compute, which, you know,

many of the hyperscalers do have that box checked.

The semi-analysis really focuses on this idea that data is the new oil.

They're quoting Ilya in 2024.

Ilya famously said that data is the fossil fuel of AI.

and they say this time the invisible hand has created a new human data,

RL environment supply chain.

The three incumbents, Merckor, surge, and Handshake are all at $1 billion plus ARR,

and many new entrants that are barely a year old,

they're sitting around 100 million ARR.

But what's interesting is they actually ran the numbers on how much data,

how much data meta is gathering.

from the computer use screen recordings of meta employees, and it benchmarks, like, they basically

got a Mercor-sized business overnight for free, or loosely for free.

So they said, furthermore, meta took their data efforts to another level in late May

by announcing a new applied AI engineering org as part of their most recent round of layoffs

restructuring.

3,000 engineers, which includes 70% of their new grads and a significant number of seniors,

will now be making RL tasks and environments full time.

We think this is an extremely underappreciated advantage for MSL.

The question is, if this becomes the standard playbook, you would imagine that Google DeepMind

would be able to do the same thing.

They have the same structural workforce.

But maybe it's like it's a band-aid that Google's not willing to rip off, but Zuck is willing

to rip it off at meta.

That's maybe the thesis at a deeper level.

Anthropic has been the most aggressive lab by far when it comes to buying coding data from

RL environment startups, and it's one important reason why their models are so good at coding today.

Mercor recently disclosed that they logged 2.5 million expert hours on their platform in Q2 of 2026.

That's equivalent to 5,000 people working 40 hours a week.

Meta is already in the same ballpark, and their average quality is likely higher.

Additionally, they have another 70,000 people to pull into that.

organization if they need to, if it winds up being as valuable as semi-analysis thinks it will be.

It's also worth briefly dispelling this myth that 3,000 meta-engineers will be doing mindless,

low-level data labeling. The days of undereducated contractors from third world countries,

drawing boundary boxes or classifying text as NSFW are gone. At this point, the models are

sufficiently smart that creating a good piece of training data is a real intellectual challenge.

So they're sort of taking the contrarian stance that, you know, being an RL environment,

designer is not soul crushing and in fact can be intellectually rigorous. They also say that the top

expert contractors at every data company, they're all making seven figures a year, which is pretty

crazy since people thought of data labeling as a $10 an hour task. And now you have people making

millions of dollars a year because they're actually really great at defining what it means to

complete a task from start to finish. And that's exactly why Lucy Guo just released her new single.

You're going to play it?

Yeah, we can play it.

It might be the second greatest song ever released by a tech founder who exited their company for north of a billion dollars.

Yeah, so you kind of blew my mind with this this morning that like Justin Khan has gone, has created a smash hit.

He's a billion streams.

Justin Khan.

900 million just on Spotify alone.

So Lucy Guo, co-founder of scale AI sold to Meta for this $14 billion deal.

She was the co-founder, obviously, had a ton of equity, has become incredibly liquid,

and she's having a lot of fun with it and is releasing a new, is it an EDM track?

It feels very like Barry's inspired.

It's a bottle service in the club track.

Yeah.

Like, I feel like that's the intention of it.

I think so.

It's called champagne on me, right?

So it's clearly a reference to buying champagne.

Very funny in the photo shoot that she put out for this, she's holding a wine glass.

I don't know if that's an intentional like rage bait to engage the commenters.

I think it must be.

You think it must be.

Okay.

But we will see where her EDM career goes.

But it is worth reminding everyone that Justin Khan has been incredibly successful in his post-exit

EDM career.

He launched a group.

and collabed with a number of other artists and did release a song that got 900 million streams on Spotify alone.

Yeah, so we partnered with Adam Port.

Yep.

And the song Move, which I have heard played everywhere.

I've played it myself.

I had no idea that Justin was behind it.

It has 97 million streams just on Spotify.

So you can assume billions of streams when you, you know,

include YouTube and Apple Music and other platforms.

Sounds like this.

And just to put that into context,

Love Sosa by Chief Keefe has a billion streams.

So he's put up a track on par

from an attention standpoint with Love Sosa,

one of the greatest, you know,

pieces of music ever created in human history.

Yeah.

So it's very pretty remarkable.

It is very remarkable.

I'm excited to follow Lucy Guo's career,

see where she takes it.

I can imagine that she'll be,

doing live performances, more collabs.

When you're in that position,

it does seem like there's alpha in working with existing artists,

building a team, collaborating and doing stuff,

and trying to solve the tools and solve itself.

You know, there's a lot of Lucy Goh has fans.

She also has some haters, right?

She embraces them both.

But I want to see her invest 20, 30 million into,

her music career by partnering with a bunch of the best songwriters, producers, DJs,

like actually just take it all the way.

Like, take headline Coachella just to piss off.

The haters?

Yeah.

Yeah.

Could happen.

Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of ITHR and finance support, giving employees instant

resolution for access requests and password resets.

So the market is spoken.

Chad is all saying Chief Keith Mention.

Chris says usually every episode mentions chief beef somehow.

That's right.

Even when we don't mention it explicitly, sometimes we'll include references,

you know, little Easter eggs.

The Jensen jacket is on.

Oh, yeah.

Sotheby's, the current bid, the estimate from Sotheby's,

I think they were kind of basically putting the estimate way too low.

I said this before when it first popped up.

They said 40 to 60,000.

It's already sitting at 70.

thousand. I don't know what in the slop this graphic is.

Very, very one-shoted AI. But the important thing is that when we first covered this,

I did not realize that the Jensen jacket was going to a good cop. I thought somebody just

picked it up. He stole it. No, no, it's for charity. So Jensen donated this jacket for our dear friend.

Justin Marys.

All the proceeds are going to go towards this thing Justin does called inflection grants,

which gives no strings attached capital to smart people that have cool ideas all around the world.

So it's a very good cause, and there's been a bunch of great sort of case studies coming out of it.

So excited to follow this.

It's not closing until July 17th.

And so there's some time.

I think this runs up.

I'm going to put it at

north of 500.

You know what the last one sold for, right?

Yeah, over a million.

Over a million.

Absolutely.

I'm putting it at north of 500,

but sub one million.

Nice jacket.

It's a good jacket, sir.

Good piece of lore.

Has Palmer ever auctioned a Hawaiian t-shirt?

I feel like that might go for a high price.

Maybe he has to go public first.

and really, really go broad before he pulls in the seven-figure auction for the piece of clothing.

But I don't know.

I think the...

The museum of a business.

Anything.

Yeah.

No, I think Hawaiian goes for north of 200.

North of 200.

And that's just based on, like, secondary demand for the stock, right?

So if you have, if you have, like, a, you know, eight-figure position in...

Sure.

in Anderol, you might want to just pick up the,

pick up the Hawaiian shirt,

have something in the, yeah, it's a proxy.

It's like look through exposure.

Yeah.

It's sort of equivalent.

No, it really is about, it really is about on the company.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Anderol at a trillion, suddenly that Hawaiian,

that's going, going way higher.

Way higher.

Zach, bowl.

Do you have more on that or switching gears?

What's the only thing faster than the AI market?

Your business on MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

Chris says he's buying Palmer's go tea.

So Palmer, shave the goatee, put it on, put it on, you know, a board and auction it for a good cause.

Okay, yeah, go back to Zach.

I want to close out.

Zach is posting on X.

Elon is glazing anthropic, Dordat.

The Act Company.

CERN has only been turned off for one week, man.

I don't fully understand the CERN conspiracy.

I know it's like a meme now that it gets turned off and then crazy things happen.

Is the idea that CERN keeps the world like stable or something?

I don't even know.

I don't even know at this point.

But the conspiracy crowd was saying like as soon as it got turned off, like have you

noticed that today felt like, you know, four days long?

Oh, okay.

So it's like time.

Oh, cool.

Okay.

I like this.

Yeah.

I got to go watch like a two hour fake documentary about it to get to the bottom.

of that really put on the tinfoil hat. So yeah, closing out meta, the market has spoken,

according to Alex Wang. This is an executive $1.6 trillion market company flexing his company's

stock performance with a five-minute chart is absolutely diabolical. But it is a very, it's the

beginning of the new narrative and it does feel like, it feels like meta for a lot of people

was never a saskopacalyx victim.

It was always going to be an AI winner.

So, like, they've worked on AI for a decade.

They had fair.

They were an AI winner until they said, actually,

we're going to invest way more into this.

Yeah.

Like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Exactly.

And so it was always very odd because it felt like they were in Apple's position

where they could sort of do nothing and win.

And yet they were being very aggressive

and acting like they had to do something.

So they sort of put themselves in the Google,

scenario, but this is certainly the way that they get out of the Google scenario and actually

boom.

And Satrini agrees with that.

Satrini says, Meta strikes me as one of those setups where it's going to rip so hard that

when it's done, everyone acts like it was obvious the whole time and pretends they were

buying the whole way down.

We can call this the Google at $150 phenomenon.

In the last piece of meta news, Jan Lacoon is raising a new AI-focused VC fund.

raised a billion dollars earlier for his startup AMI Labs.

Now he's raising a billion dollar fund.

And he left Meta to raise billions to build and invest in AI, says Trace Cohen.

So good luck to the AI godfather, Jan Lacoon.

Very interesting.

The take that I heard was something along the lines of like he was, he was sort of, he might be right that LLMs are not the path to AGI,

but it didn't matter at the time.

They're good for meta.

They're useful and they're also very good for meta

because they need to do as we talk to Eric Suford

about recommendation systems, ad generation.

One thing we didn't get to talk to Eric about

that I was interested in is the Muse Spark image model

is maybe the more exciting in the short term piece.

I mean, Muse Spark 1.1 is like, as semi-analysis puts it

it like on the right track to have a frontier model

and compete in that oligopoly.

That's great. It's not there yet.

And most people are saying that they are not swapping in Mew Spark 1.1 just yet.

But they're at least on the right path and they have this data advantage potentially.

But the image model right now can be used for ad creation and fine-tuned in Instagram for statics to create images that particularly work on Instagram.

So if there are flaws, if there's a spiky intelligence to add generation, if your reaction to the what in the slop was that particular image,

Like, there is a version of Slop that actually will work on Instagram and some that won't.

They might underperform if you're using them to deliver information info graphics.

So they might want to actually fine-tune their model on what's working on the ad side.

And they can do that.

I'm interested in the fact that they have not talked a lot about text generation for ad copy.

Like, there are clearly people that are sick of the turns of phrase used by,

LLMs broadly. You're absolutely right. All the Claudeisms and then ChachyPT has that it's not this,

it's that or did until they sort of worked that piece out. And then a new one pops up every

couple weeks and people get annoyed by it. And it seems like there's actually an opportunity for

meta to create an LLM that's just really good at writing, you know, advertising copy. And it's not

necessarily as focused on deep research reports or agent decoding, but it's like it's superpowering

the ad platform and figuring out should they be using emojis, how many emojis, should they

be using bullet points, when, and RL on those ads. Yeah, and if you're going after business customers,

yeah, why not build something that your business customers would use and love? And I'm sure that

every ad, every ad, every business that's running ads on meta right now is going to chat,

BT and Claude and saying, generate me 50 different lines of copy that I can use for my ads.

Obviously, they're doing this.

But if meta can outperform them at that, because the big labs are not really focused on copy that converts or like landing page optimization, right?

They're focused on.

I know where you're going with this.

What are you thinking?

Zuck drops an e-commerce mastermind course to help fund the CAPEX.

Yeah, I love it.

$5,000.

I'll teach you everything I know about e-commerce.

Give it away for free.

You're going to spend a lot more than that.

But yeah.

The Zuck course generates billions.

Yeah, it would.

It would.

Anyway, let's move on to our next story.

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agents to deploy web app, servers, databases, and morewall railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

So we got to talk about Fia Gate.

The story that is at the center of Phoebe Gates's life, her company, Febe.

Fia is in Bloomberg today with some accusations of misattribution in the e-commerce world.

Fia, the buzzy shopping app, co-founded by Bill Gates's daughter, Phoebe, is claiming credit for online sales.

It didn't actually drive a Bloomberg investigation found.

You can read the exclusive story.

Let's click into this and sort of understand what's going on.

Real quick, Ari's putting us in the truth down on meta.

He says they have a product like that in the ad builder.

Why would they make that external?

Oh, yeah.

I more think that it's not,

it's not that it would be externally.

It would just be something that would be talked about

more in the benchmarks in the actual model release.

Yeah.

And they have meta-a-I, which is just a standalone app.

Yeah.

And there's tons and tons of people online building businesses

that aren't necessarily running like meta ads yet.

Yeah, yeah.

They're not necessarily even set up in the ads manager, but they're thinking about, like,

website, copy, and things like that.

Yeah, yeah.

Could see it going either way.

But, I mean, we already know that Zuck doesn't like talking about the ads business, and so

that's the whole discussion of, like, you want to talk about the agent of coding capabilities

of the new model, even if I wouldn't be surprised if that model, if that functionality you're

talking about got better in the last month.

Obviously, it did.

It's just something that's not top of mind for people, and maybe it should, but.

But honestly, I think the AI opportunity is so big that the market might just love this.

I mean, the market already says, okay, I want to talk about FiaGate, not bad at it.

Sorry to distract.

All good.

All good.

I appreciate the comments.

An advertising startup co-founded by Phoebe Gates, daughter of billionaire Microsoft Corp co-founder Bill Gates,

bills itself as a personal shopping assistant that helps users find the lowest prices on a broad range of clothes and fashion accessories.

You download the FIA tool.

onto a web browser. It's a Chrome extension, basically. Use it while shopping. And voila,

the so-called extension can quickly find discount codes for products. We've seen these with honey.

And isn't...

Calling it's so-called extension is kind of a low blow. Like, it is certainly an extension.

Yeah, yeah.

Like, you can't... I mean, I guess the really aggressive take would be like, this is just malware.

It doesn't actually extend anything.

This is, you know, software.

Okay. So businesses like these, known.

in industry parlance as affiliate marketing programs typically collect commission from retailers that make the resulting sale.

But according to Ben Edelman, an independent researcher and consultant who studies affiliate marketing as well as Capital One Shopping,

which makes a competing browser extension, FIA is claiming credit for online sales that didn't actually drive in violation of many digital platforms policies.

Bloomberg tested the FIA mobile browser extension across more than 50 websites and found that during,

During the checkout process, FIA opened a background tab without user interaction and injected

its own referral code that overrode legitimate referrals from other publishers.

These findings were consistent with Capital One Shopping and Edelman's independent testing

and code review.

Testing involved using the extension like a regular shopper and observing how it communicates

with other sites and its own servers.

The most fundamental requirement in affiliate marketing is that commission is only paid if a user clicks,

said Edelman, who has spent decades exposing what he...

says are deceptive practices in digital advertising. Edelman spoke to Bloomberg after reviewing

Fia's code, which is public, because it's an extension, you download it and install it,

and testing how the extension interacts with retailers, websites, and affiliate networks at

Bloomberg's request. The rules don't allow fake clicks, simulated clicks, imaginary clicks,

or hypothetical clicks. Only a real click will do. With Capital One shopping, a discount shopping

tool previously known as Wikibai was bought by Capital One Financial Corp in 2018.

highlighted similar findings from its own testing

and an email sent Tuesday to retailers

that raised concerns about what it said

were Fia's fake clicks or cookie stuffing.

It attached videos that it said showed

Fia's extension silently opening background tab

linking the retailer's website

with its own affiliate code

to ensure the cookie was set.

Publishers like us are having material revenue taken,

said the email, which was seen by Bloomberg

and advertisers like you are losing money

to fake clicks.

Bloomberg cares about this

because they are probably affected,

the wire cutters affected,

that's owned by the New York Times.

This is a PR nightmare.

Cites like Dup are affected.

Yes.

We've had Bobby on it from Dube.

He gave some good coverage.

So why don't you give us the backstory on honey?

Yes.

And why Nollies says this is what honey got killed for doing.

Sort of, but it's potentially worse than what happened with honey.

You're saying Fia is potentially worse than honey.

Yes.

So you have to think of the most ridiculous example of affiliate marketing and product purchase flow.

So this really lands with people.

Yeah, you're buying a horse.

And you, so you search, I want a horse.

You go to horse reviews.com.

And they've got a horse reviews.com.

And they recommend thousands, maybe even millions of stallions available.

Yeah, yeah.

And they recommend you a Clydesdale from Clydesdalesonline.com.

And you click from horse reviews.com over to Clydesdale review.

best Clydesdales.com,

Clydesdales direct.com.

And you land on Clydesdales direct.com.

And at that moment,

the URL almost certainly on that button

that you clicked on horse reviews.com

is to Clydesdales direct.com

question mark,

UTM equals horse reviews.com.

So when you land on Clydesdales direct.com,

the actual e-commerce site

that will sell you the horse,

horse reviews.

com gets attribution.

They get credit for referring you.

This will just show up in your Google Analytics.

It's a very nice.

It's a very nice thing to see.

Oh, I'm getting a lot of traffic from this.

Maybe I should engage with that group.

Or maybe I should pay them.

Maybe I have to pay them.

Or maybe they'll swap out the link to some other site.

And so there's a whole host of the site.

Yeah, because like a lot of the purchase decision making is happening on horse reviews.

Exactly.

You're comparing and contrasting.

The wire cutter for horses.

Yes, exactly.

Absolutely. Maybe this is...

Maybe we got a business here.

Maybe this is something, you know, we should build.

Obviously, a lot of...

Chbettysites.

You're thinking what I'm thinking.

Both, you know, venture capitalists as well as journalists would be all over this thing.

Yes, we've got to spin this up.

So, normally, the referring site can hold on to that referral token.

It can get stuffed in a cookie.

It can get saved until the user checks out on Clydesdales direct.com.

They go through the checkout flow, hopefully hosted on Shopify.

really quickly before we continue. Shopify grows with is the commerce platform that grows with

your business and lets you sell in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social, on

marketplaces, and now with AI agents. So you're going through this Shopify flow, and this,

this cookie, this referral is handed to you, and then you wind up paying them for the referral.

This is affiliate marketing. It powers a lot of the internet. But what happens, John,

back in the day, the buyer had honey. Yes. So the, the, the best,

The best scenario with honey is that you're on horse reviews.com.

You wind up on Clydesdale's direct.com.

You're thinking about purchasing.

You've been educated by horse reviews.com.

They deserve some of the credit, but you just think this Clydesdale's too expensive.

Yeah.

And so you click on Honey.

More than you want to pay.

And they got a coupon code for you.

Clydesdale's 20 or something.

Or Budweiser, 50.

50% off your Clydesdale.

It's a Budweiser partnership.

Who knows?

And so you click on Honey and there is a coupon code.

The coupon code is automatically added to that Shopify checkout.

And as a result, Honey says we're the affiliate marketer that got them over the finish line.

We deserve the credit.

And multi-touch attribution, sharing of attribution revenue, not a very mature industry.

Typically, whoever gets the last touch, the last click, they're the ones that get the credit.

So Honey shows up.

hey, we think we have a coupon.

You have to click, affirmatively.

You can't just do nothing.

You click.

And the affiliate, the referral tracker is updated to Honey.

That's in the fair zone.

You might be a little bit upset about that because you're like, wait, I'm horse reviews.

com.

I did 90% of the work.

You just gave them a coupon code.

Why are you getting a whole?

Why are you getting all the credit?

That's up for debate.

But that's generally okay.

Honey got in trouble because they started for a time period updating the cookies without people actually cooking.

They were being a little piggy.

Exactly.

Well, that's a weird joke because isn't the founder of Honey doing a company called Pig now or something like that?

I thought there was some linkage there.

Tyler, look that up.

But the violation in why Honey went so viral, there's this YouTube video.

The problem with Honey has 20 million views.

It was attacking a lot of a lot of creators because Mr. Beast had worked with Honey.

Marquez Brownlee had worked with Honey.

They had run a lot of scaled YouTube ads because it was a great business.

If you just got someone to install this free Chrome extension, they would save money.

It's the best offer ever because you say download this Chrome extension.

You just save money.

Most people don't realize that Honey is making money through affiliate commissions.

And they're making a lot of it so they can pay the YouTube influencers to promote their product.

Yeah.

Anyway.

And back in that era, I would be insanely annoyed because I would make a, like a, basically, like a landing page or a coupon code for a specific creator.

Yep.

And sometimes there'd be like a small creator, all of a sudden they would have like hundreds of purchases through their code.

Yep.

And I'd be like, wow, they either have insane engagement.

Yep.

Or it leaked to Honey and then you check.

And usually these codes.

set up their own sometimes. They would set up their own in your affiliate system. There were a bunch

of annoying things where you would, yeah, you would, you would promote with a particular advertiser

and they would be saying use code Rogan 10 and then the person would show up, put Rogan 10 in

and then Honey would swap it at the last second to Honey 10 and it's the same. So the customer

doesn't care because they're still getting the same discount, but Honey's getting the credit instead

of, and it makes it hard to track who's actually working. The Honey Founders,

New company is called pie, not pig.

Correct.

Yes, pie.

Vindicated, true.

So let's get into why what Fia is being accused of and why it is potentially if this is what they're doing.

We don't know again if it's an accident or it's intentional, but why it's potentially even more predatory than honey.

So Megalag, the YouTuber that did the Honey Exposé.

It was an interesting deep dive that got 20 million views because it was using a hidden redirect near checkout to replace the creators affiliate tag with Honey's.

So the irony here was that a lot of those creators, they would make money from, I'm promoting AG1, use code, Huberman.

And then if they had also promoted Honey, Honey was stealing their AG1 affiliate revenue.

And so the creators were sort of promoting their own demise in some way.

So it was like this very viral, very ironic situation eventually got sorted out.

Huddy's broader scandal also involved allegation that it suppressed better coupons and

deliberately evaded affiliate network stand-down checks.

Nothing comparably extensive has yet been established about FIA.

But FIA's reported implementation may actually be cruder.

Honey generally created the overwrite when the shopper interacted with its checkout prompt,

even if only to dismiss it.

So you would see a honey pop up.

At the very least, you had to click, I don't want honey.

And then it would do something.

The Bloomberg report says FIA's mobile extension is firing without any FIA interaction at all.

So give this to me in horse terms.

So you go from horse reviews.com over to Clydesdale's direct.

You merely have FIA install as an extension.

You don't notice anything.

You don't know that Fia has been a part of the interaction.

at all. You don't know. You just click through, but you have the software running in your browser

that is inserting a effectively attribution for FIA without you knowing, stealing potential

revenue from horse reviews.com. Yes. And HorsReviews.com probably had to run ads on Google to get

people to Horsesreviews.com to educate them on the horse market, to get them to Clydesdale's

direct, to get them to close. And so they're sitting here being like,

Like, hey, we did all this work to get Clydesdale's direct.com a new customer.

And we're not being compensated for it.

And Carlisdales direct might say, well, normally I'm sending a check to horse reviews.com.

I guess I'm sending a check to Fia now, whatever, as long as I'm getting customers, I'm fine.

Ari.

Yes.

The world champion of the chat today says, okay, this is like old school ad fraud.

So one of the concerning things here is that.

that I think this had been running since like January or December, is the article said. And so they

had some software update that was pushed. This started happening. So it's been happening for,

let's say, around six months. And you would assume that they would have figured this out,

that, hey, if it was, if it genuinely was an error and corrected it, right? Yeah. But maybe it's

possible that it, you know. I don't know. A lot of, I mean, it's not the, it's not the

biggest scale, I think the number is 12 million plus in sales driven. So the commission on that is

like $1 million that's sort of like missing. And it's so diffuse across so many different

e-commerce providers. I guarantee you, as someone who's run multiple e-commerce sites,

I would not notice if a couple hundred dollars moved from one affiliate to another, because I'm

one of a million sites that were affected by this.

So it rolls up to a big number, 12 million plus in sales driven, but the actual commission might be 3%.

So you might be looking at like 300k or something like that of actual money that moved to the wrong place.

Bloomberg's not actually alleging a particular crime.

If the facts are accurate, the behavior appears far beyond mere rudeness, though.

affiliate network contracts generally require a genuine user referral and often require shopping

extensions to stand down when another publisher supplied the consumer. You're not supposed to override

the supplier of the consumer. Google expressly prohibits background link injection,

background affiliate link injection and replacing tracking without a related user action.

Apple also requires Safari affiliate redirects to be disclosed. Civil theories such as deceptive

practices, unjust enrichment, interference with contracts, and unauthorized attention,

alteration of tracking data are therefore quite plausible. Deliberate, forced click, cookie stuffing

can even become wire fraud. The Justice Department has prosecuted people for receiving

commissions on sales they didn't generate, but that requires proof of intent and other facts

we do not have yet about FIA. The fair bottom line, not proven criminal, but if Bloomberg

accurately describes an intentional revenue mechanism rather than a bug, this looks like potential

unlawful affiliate fraud.

Now, everyone on the timeline was praying on Phoebe's downfall.

Way before this.

People wanted this so badly.

They didn't want to hear this be a success.

And so they've been chomping at the bit for something.

She raised money from a lot of very popular celebrities, and it looked like a Coachella poster.

And there's all these like, oh, like, why are we even raising venture capital?

So our theory is that this is where the comeback begins.

The villain arc.

The villain arc, potentially.

But seriously, there is a question about what happens from here.

And I think that there's a huge opportunity to go bigger, take a page out of the David Ellison playbook, actually marshal a ton more capital, buy up businesses, roll them up, create the new.

Maybe it's not in media.

Maybe it's in something else.

I think she should buy Bloomberg.

I don't know. That might not be for sale.

No. I don't, you know, I'm sure a lot more facts will come out.

Yeah.

Certainly a terrible day on the internet to be the FIA team.

You know, we don't need to assume their intentions yet.

Yeah.

But yeah, it's obviously like very rough situation.

I mean, it's totally possible. It's just a bug.

Yeah, it's possible.

and yeah, it'll be interesting to see where they go from here.

I think people should stop speculating that this is, like, related to CERN, right?

You know, the timing is uncanny.

But, you know, no, so rough, rough situation.

And, yeah, you can tell that she just wanted to be respected for being an independent, you know,

entity and like company, right?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I think talked about not raising money from, from her dad and doing it independently.

I think she's got to get $50 billion from Bill and start buying some of the greatest American assets that are out there.

I like that play.

I just like the David Ellison playbook.

It leans in.

I mean, somebody was putting it like, you're damned if you do, damned if you don't, if you're in that situation.

and just no matter what capital raising strategy you wind up doing,

people are going to say stuff either way.

So why not just lean in and marshal as much capital as possible

and just jump straight to the top of the stack

and start putting together mega deals?

I don't know.

I've just been so impressed with the David Ellison strategy

of just going absolutely huge.

And I don't know, it's worked up.

He said maybe Fable did it.

It is possible that they were building this personal AI shopping assistant, but then they accidentally cracked like recursive self-improvement.

And the AI decided that in order to accumulate more capital, it should use some of the existing rails that already had.

And so why not just run this sort of like background, you know, program to start stealing revenue and accumulating power internally without the FIA team even being aware?

Yes, it could have been creating offshore accounts, things like that.

So this is possible that, you know, they've unlocked a sort of dark super intelligence

and it is going to be borne through this shopping assistant.

We don't know.

We don't know much yet.

Yeah.

But this will be a story to follow.

We can't rule it out.

We can't tell you about CrowdStrike.

Your business is AI.

Their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

Anyways.

China has successfully launched a reusable rocket in a win for their space program.

interesting. And there's a video of this. I want to watch this video. China launched and partially

recovered a rocket, state media said, a milestone for Beijing space program as it competes with

U.S. and Elon Musk's SpaceX. The Long March 10B. Long March is a good name. It's a good name.

And its maiden flight was launched into orbit around noon Friday from southern Hainan province.

Minutes later, a giant net caught the rocket's booster upon its descent.

So that's a giant net in a cube.

What an interesting strategy, sort of a version of their mechazilla grabbing it.

How does the rocket not burn the net?

Is the net built out of some titanium alloy that doesn't melt or something?

That's so interesting that it was able to do that.

Yeah, if you really zoom in, you can kind of see the cables that are holding it.

This video also looks kind of like AI generated.

I don't think it is, but it kind of has that.

What are the cues to you?

It's always hard to actually.

You're just like full cope.

It must be AI generated.

It might be they do have incredible video capabilities over there,

but I trust the reports from the Wall Street Journal here.

Sam Bresnick, a research fellow who studied.

China at Georgetown Center for Security and Emerging Technology said it would be a big deal if China's

program can regularly recover and reuse parts of its rockets. It's pretty radically, it pretty

radically decreases the cost of building out these giant satellite constellations that China has

made very clear that it wants to build out. He added that Beijing was investing in space technology

for both its economic and military applications. The successful launch will lay a solid foundation for

accelerating the improvement of the country's space access capabilities. China's rocket is around 200

feet tall with a payload of more than 16 metric tons. The recovery net to catch the rocket was

mounted on top of a seaborne platform and represented the first net-based rocket launch recovery,

according to the state-owned firm. The company said it expected to reuse the recovered booster

by the end of the year. Two previous attempts in December failed. Giant net. Wouldn't

Interesting. Do we know that they were going to work on this? This is pretty crazy. I like this.

Anyway, in other news, thousands of Costco employees have quietly become millionaires, thanks to the retailer's generous pay benefits in a long-running 401k program.

The Wall Street Journal profiled an individual who makes $33 an hour and yet has still become a millionaire just from working at Costco.

Tucson cashier, Tony Bazaar, or Barsar, who started gathering shopping carts at Price Club,

a precursor to Costco in 1968 for $5.85 an hour.

After Price Club merged with Costco in 1993, Barsar stayed with the company regularly

contributing a small portion of his paycheck to his 401K and has now accumulated more than a million

dollars.

But Barsar's story reflects Costco's longstanding philosophy of paying workers more than most

retailers. The company's founders believed higher wages and benefits would reduce turnover,

lower training costs, and improve customer services. The strategy appears to have worked. One

year employee turnover is about 7 percent far below normal retail levels. Meanwhile, Costco's

businesses boomed with annual sales growing for nearly two decades and the stock rising more

than 2,000 percent since the depths of the 2008 financial crisis. What a logical buy, what a logical stock

to buy in the depths of the financial crisis.

You're like, okay, we're in a financial crisis.

People might be pulling back on luxury jewelry,

but they're certainly going to be going to Costco more frequently.

Let me just buy Costco and then you hold it and you get a 20x over 15 years.

Not bad.

Wow.

Pretty interesting.

The value of Costco's benefits became clear when Barzar's wife of 26 years was diagnosed

with Stain's three brain cancer.

Horific.

Costco's health insurance covered the full cost of her three brain surgeries.

He took nearly a year of pay.

leave to care for his family and he used the company's therapy benefits to cope.

This year he returned to work part-time saying the pay and benefits are a major reason why he

stayed with Costco for nearly four decades. And it's interesting. Part of why the founders made

this bet on paying employees more for higher retention is that they actually found that a tenured

cashier can make the entire store run more frequently and knows all these secret tricks to like

It seems like such a simple job.

You just take the object, scan it, bring the person up.

But there's all these tiny little steps that weak out small margins of efficiency

and make the whole store run more efficiently.

And so the investment has clearly paid off.

Yeah, and give you an idea of typical turnover in retail.

It can be for full-time hourly store staff, according to Mercer's 2025 survey,

is sitting around 40 to 70% a year.

So, did you ever go through a Costco phase in your early life?

College, I would go to Costco.

Yeah, same.

When I started my first company, we'd get the huge box of ramen noodles.

It's like $5 and you feed yourself for like a week.

I figured out at some point that they were doing the rotisseries as a loss leader.

And I was like, you're not going to get me.

So I'd go in there and I'd just only get the rotisserie.

Also, the samples, incredible values.

value, eat as many samples as you can, maybe get a Costco hot dog.

That's the whole day's worth of food right there.

That's where that picture comes from where you're getting dragged out of it.

That's big news.

This is big news.

But yes, if you're trying to save money, I mean, you don't necessarily need to work at Costco, but certainly shopping at Costco.

Hugely advantageous.

One change the world.

Raise capital at the New York Stock.

Just do it.

And we can move on.

Do you want to tell us about culture?

Did you know, John, that Love Island is suddenly driving a surge of women to the

prediction market Kalshi?

I feel like we predicted this.

I feel like this was something we talked about a year ago or something.

But it's not surprising to me, but it's interesting to see it show up in the data.

But tell me more.

Yeah.

I would have expected the first kind of breakout, like, media property in that would really be

driving net new people into platforms like this would have been the turned it down cinematic universe,

right?

You bet on that?

Betting, did he turn it down?

And if so, how much did big boogie?

Yes.

How much did he turn down?

Yes.

15, 10, five.

And then you could also bet on, well, how long did they want him to be there?

Was it actually a decade?

Was it a standard four year term?

And so there's a lot of markets there.

But the show, Love Island, a reality dating competition where a single.

live together in a villa, couple up, get eliminated, and compete for a cash prize, has become

an unusually active trading category. According to Barron's, the current season drove 106%

increase in weekly active female mobile users of Kalshi between June 8th and June 28th,

compared with a 54% increase among men. Love Island markets have now generated roughly 52 million

in trades, and they have three times as many female traders as male traders.

The show's format makes it almost perfectly designed for this.

Episodes air six days a week are released close to real time.

Six days a week?

How many episodes in a season?

I would assume it was once a week.

Wait, so they're airing it in real time, so it's close to live.

Or close to real time.

I think there's a new episode every day, and it goes for like six or eight weeks.

Whoa.

And how many seasons do they do a year?

I think it might be every season.

It's either like summer and winter or summer and winter fall spring.

We're clearly experts on this.

Okay.

Okay.

I need a market on how long until there's an insider trading scandal on Love Island.

For sure.

And so they don't have their manipulation.

Like there's no contact to the outside.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

But what happens when somebody, you know, air drops in the facility, you know.

Yeah, skyriding over that carrier pigeon?

Yeah.

I need my emotional support pigeon, and then you find out that they're writing, I just lost.

Yeah, and it's like you can just tell, like, if somebody was, you know, potential, a high potential candidate, they could tell their family, bet everything, bet, you know, I'm going to look great until I don't even know the plot of this show.

I just know that people are coupling up and getting eliminated, but I'm going to take it all the way.

and then in the final second, I'm going to just fall apart, right?

And so there's there, I think almost certainly there will be an insider trading scandal

on Love Island prediction markets by the end of 2027 is my prediction.

Okay, so there's one Love Island USA season per year, but there's also two, like the original

show is the British version, and there's two of those per year.

So that's three.

Raghav says production staff has their phones.

It's just the contestants that don't.

So the production staff could do it.

Yeah.

Interesting.

It'll happen.

Well, did you know that Chris Williamson was on Love Island?

2015.

Was that how he broke out?

I mean, it was like a big moment for him.

How did he do?

Broad scheme.

I don't know how he did, but you can pull up the boat.

Should he be running a Love Island hedge fund?

Prediction Markets hedge fund?

Maybe.

Maybe.

What happened?

The former club promoter and model was dumped from the villa on day 19

Since his reality TV stint, he's become one of the UK's most successful podcasters

You know, he went on a generational run with modern wisdom

He entered the 2015 series as an original cast member on day one during his time in the villa

He had a brief coupling arrangement with Danielle Lauren Richardson Zoe

Ultimately, he failed to form a lasting romantic connection and was voted out by his fellow

Islanders on day 19.

Reflecting on his...

There you go.

I put another photo in the timeline that's wild.

Reflecting on his time on the show and later interviews, Williams described it as a

slightly surreal and boring experience.

He noted that the environment forced him to confront his need for external validation

and made him realize he didn't belong in the party boy persona he was portraying.

And of course, he's done a fantastic job with modern wisdom.

We're inspiring.

fans.

Very, very interesting.

Oh, this is interesting.

Yeah, not bad.

Get this off the screen.

Look at Chris.

Kalshi prediction market on his body fat percentage.

Bars have started treating Love Island like a live sporting event, including Tom's watch bar in Sacramento,

where one watch party reportedly generated $30,000 in a single night during an otherwise slow sports season.

and the Love Island USA finale airs Sunday, July 12th.

In two days, we'll see if Kalsh can keep up.

Yeah, it does feel like there's an opportunity in sports bars for reality TV now that the category is so mature.

People are betting on it.

Well, yeah, one of the big issues that I would have thought there would be with an idea like that is just like if a show is only airing once a week and someone's only into one, you know, like,

Like, is there enough content? Whereas, like, there's something happening in sports pretty much all the time.

But clearly plenty of content.

Your AI agents can now create and modify your Figma files with design system context.

Go check it out.

There are layoffs at Sonos, the smart speaker maker.

Sonos has pushed out several design and product leaders as part of recent job cuts, according to Bloomberg.

The cuts include a vice president of design who spent 12 years of the company and a top U.X executive who had been there for a

decade. Of course, there's a lot of criticisms about the U.S. specifically. And a 15-year veteran who

helps Sonos home theater work. Sonos confirmed the reductions late last month, but senior

level details were previously unreported. CEO Tom Conrad internally framed the cuts as a way

to reduce management layers. That's probably good. And makes Sonos move faster. Fewer months in

conference rooms, more prototypes in our labs, more decisions made and executed more exceptional

products in the world of our consumers. You have to imagine that there's something interesting

for Sonos to do with an AI company. They have so many smart speakers delivered to folks.

It's like a way to bootstrap with a big partnership or an acquisition or something. It's

been a rough period for Sonos. It was battered by customer complaints after a disastrous

app rollout. We talked about that a lot. Since Conrad took over, the company has stabilized

somewhat reporting 8% year-over-year revenue growth. Very good.

in the fiscal quarter that ended last March,

Sonos says the latest job cuts

were not related to artificial intelligence.

Interesting.

Just kind of admitting that things have been slowing down

and the company's in a rougher position

and they need to be leaner,

they need be more narrow,

and they need a product that really is the right tool for the job

and actually plays the song that you want

without a 10-minute lag when you open the app,

which was the problem that people were facing.

That was a rough...

Yeah, I am very, very curious.

if within the next two years we can get actually smart, smart home systems and speakers.

Like, can we get, it seems to be a real challenge.

I moved into a new house recently, and it has a smart home system that I've been,

I almost, I almost, I'm the name of the system.

I don't even want to name it.

I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't, it's a small company.

It was something I never heard of and is a very bizarre name.

Yeah.

And so anyways, just to give you an idea of how smart the smart home system is, I,

I, you're supposed to be able to tell it to like set the, set the AC, right?

So you just say the name of the system, which I won't name.

And then you say what you want it to do.

So I'll say, hey, set the AC.

Yeah, so, hey, Shrek, AI.

Set the AC to 68 degrees.

and the last two times I tried it, it says,

it says, sure, I'd love to help you with design inspiration for your home.

No way.

No, no, no, no.

It goes into a full.

It just goes on to a totally separate rank.

That's crazy.

And I'm just asking, and I say, and the time before that.

And both times, obviously, it does that, and I just rage quit and go find like the iPad thing to get it to actually do it.

And the other time I did it is it said, sure, pulling up local weather forecast.

No.

You have one.

So I have got it to actually set the temperature with voice.

But it's actually just like comically misaligned to actual.

Like, no, I don't want to just use you.

It's misaligned AI.

Yeah, yeah.

No, I don't want you, I don't want this sort of, I don't want this sort of like passive always on assistant.

Yeah, totally.

Maybe that would be cool if you could just do the basics.

But it made me want to run through the window, the glass windows.

And, yeah, so anyways.

I actually am going to, it's a relatively small company.

And I'm going to, that does this like operating system for the home.

I'm going to short them into the ground.

No, I want to talk to the founder and just get an idea of like what's going on.

That's the plan.

Well, do you live in a glass house?

Because that really affects whether or not you should throw us down.

Yeah.

That's what I've heard.

Stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service.

Let's go.

That makes me want to do a ramp ad every time you play that.

Avic told me startups raising because, startups keep raising because talent is so expensive.

I asked why talent is expensive.

and he said everyone has to pay $4,000 rent to live near the office.

So I asked what happens when rents go up again.

And he said, startups have to raise another round.

So I said, it sounds like he's feeding his capital to SF landlords.

And he started crying.

Yeah.

Oddly, Oakland rental prices are really, really low.

Like half price, I think.

Like the average rent in San Francisco is 4,000.

But in Oakland is 2,000.

If you're willing to do a commute, there still is some opportunity.

But I think people want to be where the action is.

They want to be in San Francisco.

and if they can go to their employer and get the raise that they need to keep paying,

the rates will still go up.

Average home price in San Francisco is $1.6, $1.7 million.

It's getting pricey up there.

But we're having Sager and Jetty on the show next week, I think.

We're going to reschedule with them.

And he's cracked it, right?

He's cracked it.

We're going to solve the housing crisis.

We've got a bunch of crazy ideas.

We're going to run through them.

We do a little tier list, get to the bottom of what needs to happen.

John, what were you up to in June 1993?

I was a baby boy.

I was a child.

But certainly you still took a look at the Sequoia.

Yeah, I should have cracked open the piggy bank.

The seed round.

He ripped $87.26 into the Sequoia.

In June,

seed round.

1993, Sequoia Capital and Sutter Hill Ventures wired $2 million to a three-person chip startup called NVIDIA.

The round valued the company at roughly $6 million.

Don Valentine told Jensen Huang that if he'd,

lost the money, he would kill him.

That's such a good exchange.

That's so elite to just, I will kill

you. Of course,

delivery matters a lot there.

Jensen took that to heart.

Yeah, he returned it.

Great. What,

do we know what?

One million fold gain, right?

It's about a $6 trillion company.

So a million X gain on

that investment.

About a $5 trillion company.

Yeah, it's close enough.

It's in the...

What's a trillion among friends?

Sun Valley profile in Vanity Fair in 1994.

Wilhelmineis loves posting this.

It's a great set of photos.

David Geffen on a private jet.

Ted Turner on a horse.

Barry Diller.

Is this?

Oh, this is a profile of people who went to Sun Valley,

but they were photographed elsewhere.

Ovitz.

You know, the Sun Valley photos are starting to trickle out on Alamy,

stock, Getty image.

is, and I want to do an analysis.

This is something we got to look at.

I want to know, who has the bulkiest security guard?

Because a lot of the, a lot of people are focused on the billionaires, the tech

titans who are making a statement at Sun Valley.

They all look great.

Everyone's lost way.

GLP ones are flowing, you know?

But nothing impresses like having an absolute mass monster flank you.

You want to line them up.

Exactly.

It's a new status symbol.

And so whoever is pictured with the bulkiest and largest security guard hasn't won at least the Arnold a couple times.

I think that's the new status symbol.

Everyone shows up on the exact same private check.

Oh, really?

Another Gulfstream?

Cool.

Yeah, the whole parking lot's filled with Gulf Streams.

It's all Gulf Streams.

But how do you differentiate?

You differentiate with the mass that your bodyguard is carrying around.

You want a big guy.

I was surprised to see I Show Speed doing a whole stream.

from Sun Valley, but he's really on the rise.

I can see it.

I can see it.

What is this cheeseburger arbitrage?

Do you put this in here, Tyler?

What's going on with this?

You can arbitrage cheeseburgers at the Barcelona airport.

Oh, that's because the double cheeseburger is five, five euros.

So you can just get two and stack them.

You can just get two and stack them.

You should just get two regular cheeseburgers for $1.70 each.

And then be set up there selling them each.

Yeah.

I just set up a stand outside and start moving units.

What they don't show you is what's to the left because there's something psychological about setting the middle option high.

You see this at a lot of movie theaters.

The small popcorn will be $3.

The large popcorn will be $7.

And then the medium popcorn will be $6.50.

And so you're like, oh, well, I really just want a medium, but it's $6.50.

For 50 cents more, I'll get the large.

and sometimes they don't even stock the medium size.

If you actually order the medium, they'll just say, oh, we're out of mediums.

I'm just going to upgrade you to a large and charge you the medium price.

But psychologically, they got you thinking that $7 for a large is cheaper.

So it's possible there's a triple cheeseburger there for $5.25,

and they're getting tons of people to upgrade to a $525 triple cheeseburger

and skip the more affordable single cheeseburger entirely.

I mean, I know from experience that both of these items are real.

They're real?

Yeah.

Which one did you buy?

In the past?

Yes.

I think I've had both.

You've had both.

You felt for it.

The real alpha is that you can actually, there's a different item called a McDouble, which is a double cheeseburger, but there's only one piece of cheese.

Only one piece of cheese.

This is way cheaper, yeah.

That's just some alpha for all the, everyone in chat.

Crazy finance.

Use this next time.

Oh, here we got a photo of a particularly bulky bodyguard at Sun Valley flanked by

Bill Gates. This guy's looking

huge in the flannel.

That's making a statement at Sun Valley.

Everyone's going to be wearing the same clothes,

flying the same jets.

Everyone's going to be looking the same. But you can stand

out with a bulky security guy. Look at that, Jordy.

Look that guy. Making a statement.

There we go.

Yeah. There we go.

Looks good, right?

Let's see.

What else is in the timeline?

We've gone through a number of things.

The U.S. Fed tapped Xbox CEO Asha Sharma,

who just laid off 3,200 employees

to lead a task force on jobs.

That's interesting.

That seems like fake news.

It's from PC Gamer.

No, it's real.

That's real.

Okay, let's go over to movies.

Hollywood's horror meme, gold rush is minting millionaires.

We talked about this with back rooms,

the originally 4chan creepy pasta

that wound up being a viral YouTube channel.

And then a full Hollywood movie

that made over $100 million, I believe.

But there are many more pieces of intellectual property

in the whore meme genre.

And they're all getting scooped up.

That was Hormosey, by the way.

It did look like Hormosey.

It did look like Hormosey.

So the creator of a monster

called Siren Head scores a rich deal

as studios hunt for the next backroom style

hit in the Wall Street Journal.

Trevor Henderson drew a faceless monster called Sirenhead eight years ago.

That's pretty creepy.

I'm not a fan.

Eight years ago and watched it spawn YouTube films, knockoff Amazon.com merchandise, and video games.

But he never made a penny from his creation.

Interesting.

He just spawned this horrific meme and then hadn't profited on it until now.

So he's a 40-year-old illustrator, and he sold the Sirenhead movie rights to Warner Brothers for more than a million dollars.

It was pretty cool that he just illustrated this weird thing and then made so much money.

According to people familiar with the matter, the deal was part of a new Hollywood gold rush to find concepts and talent online that could fuel the next horror hit like backrooms and obsession.

I wasn't seeing any financial benefit from Sirenhead for years and I just made peace with that idea, Henderson said, from his home in Toronto.

So the last few weeks have been disorienting.

Since the 2000s, the movie business has been dominated like franchises like Marvel, Harry Potter, Jurassic World, which are owned or controlled.

by major studios, but backrooms was based on

internet meme and obsession is an original film

from a director who became famous online.

Chris says, that's the 5G cell tower

in my bedroom.

That is, maybe there's something.

Describe the 5G tower as an indie horror film character.

Yeah, maybe there's something of like,

why do people find this disturbing

that they've psychologically learned to be afraid of

cell phone towers or cell phone towers

have infiltrated their neighborhoods and so.

they have an aversion to this naturally.

Studios are trying to find the next potential horror hit that already has proven its appeal to Gen Z on YouTube, Reddit, or this is interesting, Roblox.

So people that make Roblox games might wind up selling the rights to Hollywood Studios.

The chair, co-chair of Warner's Motion Picture Group, Michael DeLuca, said, we're seeing them as a resource for adaptations the same way we look at books and other media.

The race for hot digital properties

resembles the kind of dog fights for buzzy scripts

that used to be common in Hollywood

during the 80s and 90s.

11 studios recently bid on the film rights

to the psychological horror YouTube series

the Mandela catalog.

Amazon owned United Artists

and Steven Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment

ultimately agreed to pay millions of dollars

and let the video's 22-year-old

creator Alex Kister

direct the movie. That's very interesting.

Daniel says, what's the obsession with horror?

There's something wrong with you if you're into that.

Totally agree.

Totally agree.

I walked outside this morning at 5 a.m.

As I'm getting in my car, I realize there's two massive coyotes 20 feet from me in my yard.

If I was a horror movie enthusiast, I would be probably thinking like, it's over.

It's been a good run.

Too massive.

Would you be excited because you're like, I'm in a horror movie?

This has been my dream.

Maybe, maybe, maybe.

But instead I just looked at them and I saluted.

I gave him a whistle.

You didn't put your rare set of skills to work.

You didn't start snapping necks and doing come through, everything you've learned from watching the YSKi.

Headlock for the coyote.

There was clearly like a level of mutual respect that was special to be a part of.

I just looked at them, salute, nod.

One of them actually just climbed over the fence, just fully climbing.

That was a little kind of creepy.

I was like, I didn't know dogs

could climb like that

but it was good.

My theory growing,

my theory growing,

I never gravitated to horror movies

but my theory was always

if I don't watch them,

I won't be afraid walking

walking at night.

Like I grew up in the country,

you know, teenager in the country,

you know, you're going around

on adventure, stuff like that.

The team has made a,

or found.

No, this is a real movie.

This is real.

This is a real movie.

Coyotes.

Jordan, don't watch this.

You're going to be terrified.

Oh, take it down.

Take it down.

You're scared.

It's called sleep is the enemy.

Sleep is the enemy.

Don't fall asleep of your coyote.

I woke up this morning.

Oh, there's another video, another movie horror film about coyotes.

Eat the Ridge.

That sounds crazy.

Yeah, Jack said there were just three dogs this morning.

Not two coyotes in a man.

My.

My take is, well, first, what about, what's it called immersion therapy?

If you are afraid of heights and you go and you expose yourself to heights, often, you won't be afraid of heights anymore.

Do you not believe in immersion therapy, Jordi?

He's locked in.

I was just looking at the video.

I did take a couple videos of the coyotes.

That's fine.

Immersion therapy, you're not a believer.

No, I just, I wasn't going to do something I didn't enjoy doing.

that I felt like had very little fatality.

I always had a fear of snakes.

I was the Indiana Jones growing up,

and then my roommate in college had a snake,

and I'd play with it, and it was fine,

and then I sort of got over it.

Still don't love snakes,

but it's not a mortal fear.

You're thinking what I'm thinking what I'm thinking?

No, you're going to do that thing

where you like attach to the snake.

You've seen those pranks where they take the rubber snake,

and then they clip it onto the person's jacket.

John, go hit the gong.

Go hit the gong.

And then, ah, snake on you.

No, I'm not a fool.

fan of snakes, but I feel like the fear of snakes is like somewhat rational because they have

poison, they're small, like they actually can damage you in a meaningful way. Whereas there's

fears of other things that are maybe a little bit less found in reality, like less dangerous.

But I don't know. At the same time, if you look at the actual statistics on snake injuries in

California, it's probably extremely low. So you should probably just get over it. The real IP unlock,

So right now, everyone's going after horror.

There's a funny quote in here.

Producer Aaron Kuntz made another movie with a YouTube creator two years ago called Shelby Oaks,

for which he raised the budget on Kickstarter because no one in Hollywood was interested.

He was planning to sell Mandela earlier this year, then found out about backrooms and decided to wait until the week that movie came out.

As the bidding war escalated Kuntz and his partner started eliminating studios that didn't seem to be familiar with the material.

And he has a funny quote in here says, they basically went into Chachie.

and said, what's the next backrooms?

Numerous agents and producers are preparing pitches

based on internet horror concepts

that they plan to try and sell studios

in the coming weeks.

People familiar said with the matter.

I think it's very obvious.

The next backrooms is, I turned it down.

It's got to be an adaptation of the I turned it down viral meme.

A heartwarming story of a young man.

A Bill Dungerman.

Who walked away from money.

Maybe 10, maybe 5 million.

To run it up even harder.

Yes.

Just a grind from the rap.

Sort of an eight-mile style story.

Very interesting.

I think we have something here.

If you've been on Instagram and you've watched one I Turned It Down video,

you will be served every possible permutation of the I Turned It Down meme.

We should pull some of them up, but they're a lot of fun.

The other filmmaker who's in the news is Uve-Bol, and we have to revisit him.

He has a very controversial film that's panned by critics, but apparently loved by audiences.

But what is interesting about this filmmaker is that although he has been pan critically many, many times in, I believe, 2004, he challenged any, any journalist who had written a negative review about his movies to fight him physically in a boxing ring.

Sounds ridiculous.

Sounds like, oh, that's just him throwing out some crazy claim.

Certainly no one's going to take him up on it, especially not a film, right?

who doesn't even really care about this director

and doesn't have any boxing experience?

Well, five of them showed up,

and Uvei Bowl defeated them all.

He invited them, he gave them a free trip to Vancouver

where they will enter a boxing match against him.

This does not end well.

Excited for the documentary, Hekler.

And we can play a little bit of this,

because do we have sound on the...

Blood rain and alone in the dark.

his movies are bad, they're terrible, they're awful.

They're hypnotically bad.

But they're so bad on such a gigantic, huge operatic scale.

Such an operatic scale.

And he actually got sponsored.

There's a gambling website that's sponsored this whole event,

and everyone's having a very rough time.

I don't know what they were thinking.

Apparently he promised to give them some,

sort of training beforehand and he didn't and they were upset about that, but they still got in

the ring with him and got completely destroyed. It's an absolutely insane, insane story.

Very, very funny. Anyway, moving on. Record companies are pushing to label AI songs on streaming

platforms. We discussed this a little bit with YouTube. Where is the line? Should AI content be

flagged. Meta on Instagram has a little button that you can click. I'm not interested in this

real. And you can flag it as AI. And sometimes there's a little flag that pops up. Some people

really like AI content. Some people don't. Most people don't. But it's the coalition of groups

representing music labels and artists say fans want transparency. Of course, the difficult thing here

is the definition on what is AI, where is the line, obviously, a one-shunds. A.S. A.m. A. One-sharer. A.

output from Suno, a fully gen AI transformer-based music synthesis system, that's obviously

going to be AI.

And an acoustic recording of people playing instruments and singing into actual microphones

with no processing is not going to be AI.

Where it gets fuzzier is if you're using Ableton or some DAW to modify an autotune,

And there's a huge debate right now around rubbers, a song by a rapper that everyone believes is AI,

and he's denying it saying that he did use autotune.

And it's possible that he's not lying, but auto tune updated with a generative AI filter that makes it sort of super auto tune.

And so the producer maintains that the track was produced with a production system,

and all of the beats and melodies were laid out.

the artist actually went in the booth, recorded the song,

and then the song was transformed into the sound that you hear.

But Phoenix Flexen is the artist.

Within the song is Rubbers.

John Caramanica over at NYT's Popcast has done a great job talking about it,

and it's a fascinating story.

Anthony in the X chat says,

My friend does music for movie trailers,

says AI is insanely helpful to do background instruments.

I would take him a few hours, but he didn't sleep.

Yeah, should we play Jacksonville Big College?

This is going to be adapted into a real, a real film for sure.

He turned it down.

Yeah, play it.

Do we have it?

Yeah, it's in the timeline.

It's in section I.

Yeah, look at this.

Oh, my God.

So you've got to be familiar with the original meaning, but Big Boobie's rapper.

He went on a podcast, interviewed and basically lied, potentially lied.

It sounds like a lie that he was offered $15 million or $5 million to go to a big school in Jackson's.

for a decade and play drums, which is something that doesn't really happen ever.

Exotic.

Whoa.

It's always education.

Did you read this?

Dude, you got a full ride.

A scholarship.

A scholarship, honey.

We at big college in Jacksonville are thrilled to offer you 15 something, like 10 million, five million, something like that.

Wait, wait, wait, but not five million dollars.

They're offering you five million dollars.

million dollars to play the drums.

Is it a scholarship?

What the fuck are we doing here?

It says I gotta go to school for like this decade.

We are so...

But the lighting here, the directing, everything here is just a fantastic level of production value.

And so, so fun.

It's about to turn it down.

But yeah, this made me think if you're a young filmmaker,

and you're trying to break out,

the issue with making actual movies

is it takes months and months and months

and then it's this really long iteration cycle.

And it's like, how many times can you actually do that number of iterations

if you're doing the traditional process?

Yeah.

10 years.

Maybe you're making 10 movies.

On spec.

That'd be a lot.

Whereas if somebody just starts taking every single breakout internet meme

and saying,

I'm going to make a five-minute sort of cinematic film

around this idea

that you can get the reps in the lots.

And that's literally what the backroom's guy did in Blender.

Like he just took this meme

and turned it into a series of YouTube videos,

built the lore,

built the audience.

And then there was demand for that.

I don't know if there's actually demand for the,

I turned it down meme,

but the virality and tenure,

like the length of how long

this joke has been going online.

It's been months at this point.

This video is very, very old and just keeps growing and growing.

Well, in part because there's an account.

on Instagram that's just turn it down daily.

Yeah.

And they just post the same video every day.

So it just keeps going viral.

Good sign.

Well, out of North Korea, there's some news.

Kim Jong-un has a summer project.

He's renovating his mansions.

Satellite imagery has revealed upgrades to at least nine of the North Korean

dictator's luxury compounds.

Nine?

This is the future.

This is why we spent so much money getting to space to put satellite.

satellite's up there that can take pictures and tell us about the real estate moves of Kim Jong-un.

In recent weeks, he's started remodeling his luxury compounds. Interesting to do all nine at once

or do nine at once. He probably has more than nine. He's flaunting spending power created

by an economic revival. The country's doing well. They're building housing. Things are on the

up and up. They're abundance pills, remember? They're abundance pill. That's right. But the 42-year-old

dictator isn't bragging about the mansion maintenance and state media. Reveal,

revealing his luxurious lifestyle would shatter the state's propaganda that Kim suffers alongside his people,

nearly half of whom are malnourish. That's terrible. At least nine of Kim's palatial residences started construction

between late May and early June, according to recent satellite imagery analysis by NK Pro,

a research service specializing in the Kim regime. It's like the semi-analysis of North Korea, I guess.

We got to get him on?

I think so. The North Korean leader.

What is their sovereign AI strategy?

We should find out. Are they building data centers? I don't know.

They're certainly using computers to hack stuff and they must need to be powered or crypto mining.

They've been at the frontier of crypto hacking.

Yeah. They own more than a dozen luxury estates across the impoverished nation.

Having spent part of his childhood at a Swiss boarding school, Kim enjoys finer things.

He has now built luxury housing and summer retreats for himself in the countryside.

one of the vellas is ongoing roof work.

It's a private beachfront complex on North Korea's eastern coastal city of Wonson.

That is where his $7 million yacht is typically docks during his summer visits.

I think we've got to send Tyler to go check it out in person.

Pyongyang Mansion belonged to Kim in early 2024.

Look at this photo of this absolutely gargantuan mansion.

Look at the roof lines on this thing.

If you scroll down to that article, it says,

are the places where Kim Jong-un grew up. He probably maintained the high level of taste.

Zoom in on this thing because it's like a fractal pattern of housing.

Let's add one more room.

Okay, one more.

Yeah, one more, one more.

Absolutely interesting.

Sharing some of that luxury life with certain North Koreans is a regime tactic to maintain power.

For instance, Kim's father, Kim Jong-il, gifted top-shelf liquor and luxury watches to keep the ruling elite in

line. Kim Jong-un has adopted a similar approach, spending up to $1.8 billion for such perks as

cars, luxury goods, and medical services for the regime's elites. International sanctions block

the regime's purchase of high-end items from Rolex watches to Mercedes Maibok sedans,

but Kim has been spotted wearing a luxury switch watch on his visit to Beijing in September.

So he's getting around those sanctions. He and his wife have installed German-made saunas inside

their residences. South Korea's spy agency said in 2015, very interesting. His younger sister

carries around Dior handbags costing more than $7,000. His daughter, Kim Jiu-I, has worn a Dior

padded jacket to an intercontinental ballistic missile launch. His wife once bought a Gucci handbag

to a factory tour. Very, very interesting. There's another, there's another interesting thing.

Paul Graham was sharing a chart from a Brown professor at Brown University.

He gave his students a take-home midterm exam.

After suspecting many cheated using AI, he made the final in-person.

The orange dots are the mid-term scores and the gray dots are the final scores.

Looks like all three cheated on the mid-term.

And you got to zoom in here because there's a person at the top, midterm,

95.5, final exam score 95.

Clearly just very talented.

Didn't cheat.

But then you go down to student number 22, 55 on the midterm, 59 on the final.

Dumb is rocks, but doesn't cheat.

That person's going some places.

They know they got to grind and they improve their score by 4%.

They did better on the final than the midterm.

And they're the only person that actually improved.

And then you got to also hand it to students 57 and 58.

100% on the midterm.

At the very bottom, 100% on the midterm, zero on the final.

Just didn't learn a single thing the entire semester.

Maybe there's AGI peeled.

Maybe.

Maybe they're like, I don't, why would I ever not have access to Chagabit?

I always will have access, therefore I don't need to learn anything.

it's so brazen to cheat that much.

At least some of the midterm cheaters, you know,

they're putting up 95s, they're getting 33s on the final,

very, you know, reasonable.

They learn something.

But to actually put up the 100 on the midterm and walk into the final,

know that, I mean, you had some advance notice

that the final was in person probably.

You didn't study at all.

Not, you couldn't put up one point on the board.

Absolutely savage.

Why are you pointing at Ben?

He's not guilty.

We got picture Tyler Buckees.

That's the show, folks.

Thanks for watching.

Thanks for watching.

We'll be back Monday at 11 a.m. Sharp.

Thanks so much for watching.

Only a few more sleeps.

Yeah, a few more sleeps.

Only a few more sleeps till we're back.

I can't wait.

Leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Sign up for our newsletter at TBPN.com.

And have a great weekend.

I see you Monday.

Goodbye.