=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Mini Truck Boom, Kylie and Zuck vs Spiegel and RDJ, Europe Considers AC
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/mini-truck-boom-kylie-and-zuck-vs-spiegel-and-rdj-europe-considers-ac
Datum: 2026-06-29
Länge: ~130k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TBPN Ultramm,

the Temple of Technology, the Fortress of Finance,

the Capital of Capital.

Time is money saved both.

Easy use corporate cards, bill pay, accounting,

and a whole lot more all in one place.

And now they got two CEOs.

You want to partner with the company that just has one CEO?

No way, get out of here.

You want to go with a company that has two.

Kareem promoted.

Very fun doing.

very fun development in the ramp story.

I was thinking about it. We've

obviously had like tons of conversations

with the ramp team over the years and it's like

actually always been 50-50 cream Eric.

And so very natural move for them.

I mean they've been working together for over a decade

at this point across multiple companies and have always

in both founders and both you know major shareholders.

We're like following in our footsteps to some of the grief too.

Yeah, yeah. This is the TV benefit. We get to

credit for this. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Congrats to Kareem on the promotion, the field promotion. It's very

exciting and go check out Ramp, of course. We're back. Equally important, we're back. France.

We miss you guys. We miss you guys a lot. Yeah, it was rough. It's actually, it's genuinely,

it's genuinely brutal. It's brutal. We feel deeply unwell by around 1 p.m. if we haven't gone

live, regardless of the time zone. The sweating and shaking is crazy. Yeah. It is a full

I mean, yeah, and the withdrawals.

I mean, maybe it would get better after a few weeks.

But yeah, the symptoms are brutal.

Anyway, it was a high-stakes trip.

Of course, Jordy has battled with French president

Emmanuel Macron in the past.

And then what appeared to be a direct shot at me,

France recently banned nicotine pouches fully, very controversial.

Pretty much all oral nicotine products banned.

Yeah.

As of April.

Yeah.

And so we went over there, we went over there to make, we went over there to make amends.

And right away, it felt like, you know, they were sending messages straight from the top.

Yep.

Because we land in Paris.

Yep.

And we have a connecting flight to Venice.

Yeah.

Where the conferences.

And, you know, we get in the airport, you know, we're excited to be there.

Yeah.

It's Paris, right?

The sun is shining.

Small issue is it's roughly 100 degrees.

inside the airport. Coincidence. Interesting coincidence. Yeah. You're there. Right when we show up

in then it gets hot. Generational heat wave. Yeah. And of course there's no air conditioning,

right? It's it's legitimately 100 degrees. You look around there's everyone has their fans out.

Yep. They're like sweating profusely. Uh, really, really messy situation. Uh,

go to a cafe, try to get an ice drink. They're out of ice. The whole airport doesn't have AC.

or ice in the whole airport.

And then we go to get on our flight

and we sit down

and, you know, we're waiting,

we're waiting, starting to feel like we're waiting

a little bit too long to get off the ground.

About 45 minutes in,

they come over the intercom

and let us know that the air conditioning

on the plane is broken

and they're working on fixing it.

30 minutes later,

they come over again

and they say,

we've been unable to get the air conditioning working.

We're not going to be able to take off.

You have to deplane.

And, you know, we felt terrible for all the other passengers

because clearly it was McCrone,

just sabotaging our flight.

But for him to inconvenience, you know,

hundreds of other people just...

It shows you how important it is to him.

Just to get at us.

It's just insane.

To me, that crossed the line.

It's like, if it's, you know, clearly it's personal.

Yep.

But figure out a way to...

to, you know, come at us.

Be a little more targeted with.

Yeah, more targeted with that.

Exactly.

Why does there need to be so much cloud advantage?

And then, of course, on our next flight,

yep, we get to the airport, planes ready, pilots ready,

and, you know, they tell us again, like, hey, we're just figuring out some stuff.

We're going to take off as soon as we can.

We're bored.

We decide, hey, is any, anything, like, World Cup games on?

We should turn it on and see.

So we're sitting there and we're like,

whoa, France is actually playing in the World Cup right now.

What are the chances?

And so we keep kind of checking in with the pilot.

And he's like, we need a little bit more time.

We're not really sure why.

The plane's there.

The pilot's there.

They're ready to go.

We're like, what's going on?

A little bit later, 10 minutes before, you know, it's like 35 minutes into the game.

They're like, hey, we just need a few more minutes.

The fuel truck's going to be here soon.

thank you for your patience. By this point, we've been waiting for like an hour and a half.

And half time starts, 10 minutes later, there's fuel in the plane, we're ready to go.

And we're just sitting there like, coincidence?

Coincidence, I think not.

Anyways, a little bit of a little bit of a journey to get there.

But we had a good week.

Yeah, it was good.

Adquick was there representing.

We saw some ad quick billboards and Mercedes with ad quick livery that looks.

Pretty sick. That's right. Who else was there? Who? With one of the best out-of-home placements of the event, Vibe.co.

Who announced a $1.4 billion acquisition to Walmart. Yeah. The first day, the first real day of the conference.

It was really good. So congratulations to the vibe.com team. Pretty unbelievable.

I wouldn't say they were under the radar because they were very loud.

with their advertising.

Yeah.

But, you know, not, you know, in a sea of just like AI exits.

Yeah.

Like, they stand out as like one of the most impressive runs of the last couple of years.

And I saw some people digging into the Walmart strategy around Vibe,

and they have a whole host of other platforms for their ad platform that seems to be coming

together quite nicely.

Yeah.

We should dig into it more and have the founder on to talk about the journey.

What's the only thing faster than the AI market, your business on MongoD?

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

Little history.

Can Lyons.

It used to be mostly about creative advertisements, giving awards for creativity.

Mostly in consumer, they didn't really have a B2B focus until maybe a decade ago.

Now it's much more broad, much more corporate, as you saw, we mentioned.

you know, like digital ad platforms have presences there.

It's much more performance oriented.

And there's a big focus on the creator economy.

It really cuts across different media forms.

You know, big networks and television will be there.

The New York Times will be there.

But then also small YouTubers, Instagram creators,

a whole host of people will be sent there alongside some sort of brand on like a brand trip.

Spotify threw a big concert on the beach.

John Summit played because they have a large ads platform primarily.

like it makes sense that Spotify would have a music guest, but they're there specifically to promote their ads product.

Yahoo had Tiesto play, again, basically to facilitate deals around their ads business.

There are other activations from big tech companies and ad platforms, athletes attend, Hollywood talent agencies, host parties.

It's not packed with A-list celebrities, but it feels like everyone has a following of some sort.

And that was a big point of discussion.

There was one level of conversation that was just like creators are the future.

Everyone's heard this pitch a million times.

But the bigger discussion was something that Andrew Ross Sorkin from Squawk Box, CNBC, Deal Book mentioned,

talking about the tradeoffs between independence and consolidation.

You've talked about this before, just the idea of a roll-up of independent sub-stackers.

Where is the right economy of scale in the creator economy?

Maybe not everyone should be independent.

Maybe not everyone should be with a large organization.

and this trade-off sort of interesting to dig into

as we see both creators go bigger

and produce more expensive shows

and then also the legacy media companies

are getting better at social media type content.

So we can kind of dig into this.

Andrew's post was really widely discussed

in creator circles, but we'll read it here.

I'm flying back from Cannes, something I've been thinking about.

I was taken aback by how some of what I thought

where the most successful influencers say that they need to spend so much money to keep up

that they're not making the kind of headline popping numbers we often read about.

And he asks for thoughts.

And a lot of people, high yield, Harry says, not surprising, you can't be at 80 to 90%

EBITDA margins forever and expect to retain attention and scale.

It's going to bring in more competition.

And that's a piece of what's happening.

I think there's a few things happening.

One is the big transition from independent creators pivoting from making content to making shows.

And you can look at subway takes in this way.

The other show is keep the meter running, much more produced, much more edited, much more costly to produce.

And then also, but you're still faced with some of the awkwardness around how do you actually monetize that.

There isn't a logical ad break, although I think there should be in a three.

minute subway takes ad or a video a three minute episode. I think that it would be fine to have a five to ten second mid roll in the middle of that. But that has not been done like that floodgate hasn't opened yet. So most creators are doing so either it's either a really polished vertical video about their own content and then they'll do a promoted post that's another 30 second 60 second multi minute vertical video in their same style but purely sponsored content.

And a lot of those videos don't go as viral.

And so you have this awkward tradeoff where the content that's great that people want can't be monetized.

So you have to do like one and one.

It'd be a little bit tricky.

Like part of the way our show works is that we're just talking about whatever.

And then we'll tell you about Cisco, critical infrastructure for the AI era, unlock seamless real-time experiences and new value with Cisco.

It would be different if we had to do every other episode.

Every other episode is just purely about Cisco.

and then we go back to about just the news and talking.

And so that's something that's like starting to evolve.

And those higher cost structures,

I think that they still have more enduring.

Yeah, Forbes came out with their top creators list and earnings.

Mr. Beas was at the top with 300 million.

I would imagine that's revenue.

Yeah, like earnings is is not the right word here.

It should just be gross revenue.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I have no idea what Jimmy's margins actually look like on that 300, but it would appear he's spending like 90 years.

He's obsessed with reinvesting for the future.

Yeah, yeah, that's always been a part of a brand.

As opposed to Joe Rogan, who has these big deals, and he seems completely content to be in a tiny set.

And yeah, same same.

And not really trying to buy anything to accelerate growth.

Dar.

Man was number two at 65.

in top lines, Stephen Bartlett at 52,

Arctoplyer, 38, Retton Link, 37, Charlie, D'Amilio, 18,

Drusky, 20, Issa Speed, 30.

Very weird that doesn't seem to be ordered by...

Oh, really?

It's just ordered loosely?

But they're just, yeah, anyways.

Yeah, Darmann has production costs as well.

He does these, like, short, scripted,

stories, mostly for, he's huge on Facebook, but he's big on other platforms as well.

And they have real cost because he has to go find a set, a location, real cameras,

multi-camera shoots, editing, and real actors.

Of course, all of it is like low-budget filmmaking, but there is cost to that.

And it is, of course, increasing as the competitively as the competition heats up.

Trey says Rogan has a lot of peptide expenses.

I don't think you can spend $100 million a year on peptides if that's what he's bringing in top line.

Anyway, the zero marginal cost era of yapping into your iPhone,

it seems ultra-competitive now.

It seems like it's increasingly rare to see that scale in 2026.

People are still breaking through,

but they're breaking through with new, more polished products

that, of course, have higher costs.

Simultaneously, traditional media companies

are starting to dial in content strategies

for traditionally creator-led platforms.

I think the New York Times has done a fantastic job here.

You have the Ezra Klein Show and Ross Douthit,

who are sort of,

like the left and right perspectives.

And their shows have become really successful on YouTube a lot due to the packaging.

They understand how to get a good title and thumbnail together.

The editing, the production values are really, really high quality.

And so those podcasts do very well on YouTube in a way that other shows from legacy media

companies, it's been hard for them to break through traditionally.

But they certainly have, and it's interesting that it's recent.

Another example is the pop cast, John Caramanica, who we hung out with and his co-host Joe.

They have really taken that show and made it very internet native to the point where they produce a ridiculously polished vertical video for Instagram and social media every week to promote the song of the week.

And it's in a different location.

And of course, there's cost associated with that.

But what's really interesting about it is that you can.

be, you know, a new, like a social media consumer who's blissfully unaware of the entire world that

exists behind the NYT paywall. And you can still learn about it. And their strategy was interesting.

So a lot of the, you know, big platforms, the Spotify's, the snaps, the metas, the YouTubers,

they went, you know, they would build this, you know, basically mini festival on the beach where they'd

take over an entire hotel. Popcasts went a different route. They rebuilt an authentic dive bar

just off of the strip full of like actors and characters.

There was a guy wearing a kilt.

And so when you went and when we went to have a meeting with them,

it felt like we were in a French dive bar.

Yeah, we were like, wow, this actually feels like we're getting a taste of like

what the real con would be like.

Yeah, yeah, real can.

Yeah, it was cool.

So I thought that was really cool.

Yeah, very, very cool of them to do that.

The other thing that was interesting,

France appeared to put Brian John.

on a pack of cigarettes pull up this image really out of pocket to take to take an asset it works

pretty well though don't die don't smoke you know it's his it's his message I think he would

approve this but I saw I saw this and I had to take a picture because I was like is it actually

uncanny he has like a lot of pictures of himself it does look down like that eyes closed also

this looks like a man being put in a body bag, but at the same time, it looks like just a man who got a

getting beautiful nights of sleep getting tucked in after a nice couple of hot heaters. He ripped a couple

darts, had a couple of ears, crushed a couple cold ones, and now he's ready to get put to bed by

someone. Yeah, this is actually much more tame than some of the other. Oh, some of them are gruesome,

like, so gruesome showing like the x-rays of cancer patients and like black lungs and stuff. Like,

this is pretty mild. If you look like this guy after you're smoking a whole past,

You're doing pretty well. I think it's fine. Anyway, the end state of this debate, it's interesting. There's a little bit of grass is always greener on the other side going on, with independent creators thinking, oh, maybe it'd be better if I was with a larger organization, and then vice versa with a lot of the folks inside big organizations saying, ah, if I left, I could probably make so much more money. I don't think it's one-size-fits-all approach here. I think it's more of a sorting process. Some creators will find elements.

business models outside of large organizations.

Like those 80 to 90% EBITDA margins still exist for certain categories, certain products.

Yeah, look at obsession, right?

It's like a low margin, highly competitive, but it's hits driven.

So you can have one breakout hit and, you know, have insane margins.

Yeah.

And then there's also just, there's certain formats and certain shows that will be sticky

and then also not scale with cost.

Whereas like the Mr. Beast model of doing ever bigger reality TV show style stunt.

That probably does scale cost with views over time.

But, you know, if you're going to be doing criticism or gaming creation or streaming or something, there are certain things like Rogan, you tell him, hey, go spend extra $10 million like he doesn't really know what to do with it.

Yeah, it's like how people imagine the SaaS business model, right?

You can scale revenue without scaling like incremental costs, but it's actually true in the case.

And there are some companies in software that have done that.

And then there's some where you're just like, wait, really, they're still driving up costs?

And it's because of their particular market.

So I think it's more of this like sorting process.

Some creators will find elegant business models outside of traditional organizations.

Others will probably wind up leveraging the possibility of going independent into more meaningful contracts within traditional media organizations.

I think that might be a trend.

There might be some shift in the mindset of traditional media companies where they realize

that someone that they were paying as a journalist or as a reporter is now proper talent and could take their audience with them.

And so there is a contract renegotiation because they don't want to wind up in the position of like the Vox, BuzzFeed, Vice,

where all the best talent left and took their audiences with them.

And there's probably a meat in the middle where you're not paying them through the nose,

but you're paying them more than what they were making just as someone who is like below the line,

just like a content creator internally once they actually break out.

And so I think there will be lots of mistakes along the way.

No doubt some folks who should be independent will stay too long and vice versa.

Some people who would be better suited for being inside a large organization

leveraging all of those capabilities will be, will go independent and then regret it and

maybe go back.

But it's increasingly clear that a one size fits all approach perhaps with a tagline like

independent creators are the future.

I don't think that fits quite, I don't think that quite fits anymore to each their own.

I think everyone sort of needs to find their own way and figure out what's right for them.

David Senora is in the chat.

Hello. Hello, Senra.

Good to see you.

We miss you.

Founders podcast.

And the David Senra show, go check it out.

He's been on an absolute tear, a generational run.

We got stocks, stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more with

Great customer service.

You can go on there.

Someone else was saying it doesn't seem like a coincidence that global markets were in free fall while we were gone.

That makes sense.

We were in holding up the global economy.

Swift recovery.

Yeah.

You can make your own decision on whether or not you're buying the dip, but do it on public.com.

Smart glasses are inevitable, but what or who are they for?

versus Christopher Mims in the Wall Street Journal.

This is on the back of the new meta glasses that launched.

Christopher Mims says the deluge of smart glasses has begun.

Has it?

It feels like, I don't know if it's a deluge.

It feels more like a, like just a trickle or like a steady stream.

But maybe I've been following it too closely.

I think that's all of my problems with analyzing this category,

and we'll get into that.

All my criticisms are like very odd technical.

Yeah, and it's, and it's,

And it's, so meta has been selling a lot of glasses.

The products are, the products are dozens, hundreds.

No, they've been selling.

I believe they've already, I believe they're already in the, in the millions of units of not, not the, not the, hundreds and millions of dollars in revenue.

I believe so.

Okay.

Ben.

I think it's getting, I agree with you.

I think it's getting material.

I think it's getting material.

What I was going to say is that it's for products that are functionally, like a great pair of glasses with a camera attached.

Yeah.

right these are not like uh i i don't see a lot of people talking about like oh i'm i'm i'm

replacing air pods entirely with these even if even if that is one is that just because

and that is also with like having being able to sell through a one of one ad unit on the

greatest distribution platform in a history but they're going up against stiff competition

like the apple vision pro is so good that like you know it's like we jobs finished like we have the

Applevision Pro, why should you do it was so funny. So I never tried the Applevision Pro until this trip.

And I asked John, I was like, hey, can I take him for a spin? And you were like, oh, it's like

kind of a hassle to set up. It is. You have to like put it in guest mode. John was like, no, I want

Jordi to experience this. Yeah. And so we go through this whole like hassle of setting it up.

And I'm like 20 seconds into the dinosaur demo. And the flight attendant comes up and is like,

tapping me on the...

Yeah, like, actually getting you...

Taking me out of virtual reality.

It was like, the audacity.

And I think the question was just like,

are those cool or something like that?

It wasn't like, sir, you need to put on your seat on your seatbelt or something.

It was like...

I was fully immersed.

And it completely ruined it for me.

And what's funny is like the whole pitch for the Abilivision Pro was like,

you don't need to take it off to talk to somebody because it will show the eyes.

And, no, Tyler's on his way back.

You guys went to France for raising...

Raising canes, yes.

Raising can.

Raising can is good.

Yes, Tyler got left at CDG.

Yeah, yeah.

Shotity.

But, uh, so I have the, I have the answer to the,

Mood, T-Moo, Tyler.

Yeah.

I have the answer for the META glasses.

Okay, yeah.

How are we doing?

So since 2025, there's been seven million plus sold across Opie and META.

Two million dollars was just the Raybans.

Okay.

Wait, 2 million units.

Two million units.

Okay.

And that's the estimated gross retail sales was 2.1 to 3 billion.

That's pretty good.

Yeah, John, the way you were framing it, it was like, yeah, we've sold $7 million.

And you're like, $7 million.

And it's like, no, it's $7 million.

Like, it's a lot of units.

It's a lot of units.

Yeah, it's getting there.

And there's some level, if it wasn't meta, we'd be like, wow, this company has, like, insane product market fit.

Yeah.

selling seven million units of a new

Yeah, if it was Orang or whoop or something like that,

we'd be very impressed.

Yeah.

I think you're 100% correct.

And it would be like,

it could probably be like a standalone public company.

But people would still be slamming it for it,

for being like way worse than the Applevision Pro

in terms of watching,

watching old films.

I watch Master and Commander on it.

It was great.

It's a fantastic movie.

Highly recommend Godfather Part 2.

Also good.

Dunkirk.

I got some,

I did some damage on the,

back catalog. Anyway, let's go back to Christopher Mims in the Wall Street Journal. He says,

at the low end, there's a new line of meta-glasses, which start at $2.99 and play well with vision

benefit plans. Interesting. So you can buy them with insurance. For another $100, there's a pair

aimed at fans of Kylie Jenner. We saw these in action, and they looked great. They, they, I think

reviews are very, very high quality. If I hadn't seen the launch, I wouldn't have noticed that they

were meta glasses at all.

Yes.

I would just assume they were like.

The, it has this jewel.

You can see it.

It's that small, uh, white like glint right there.

And I was so confused by this, but this is purely a me problem because I assume that

that was a recording light because or, or some sort of display because if you look at the

meta rayband displays, you'll see that there's slight grooves in the glass for forming the

beams to show you the display.

And so I was like, oh, that's a smart feature.

That is there for a functional reason, but it's in fact not.

It's purely aesthetic.

And people who are in the market love this.

I was confused by it, but I think I might be the only person that is confused by it.

So I don't think it's a problem whatsoever.

But there's no screen.

There is a voice assistant.

Alphabets, Google, and Samsung have teamed up to release their own competing lines do this fall.

from eyewear companies,

Gentle Monster and Warby Parker.

For those itching to upgrade,

there are glasses with in-lens displays.

They cost more.

Metas is $800,

and Spex from Snap is $2,200.

They are so chunky,

they look like something you might see

in a Prada ad and never in real life.

Silicon Valley has been trying to make

smart glasses happen for more than a decade.

Remember Google Glass,

Facebook and Instagram parent meta platforms,

has captured more than 80% of this market.

Not bad.

But in 2025, that meant selling just 7 million pairs of glasses.

By comparison, the world buys more than 100 million smart watches a year and more than a billion smart phones.

What does it say about the broad investor views on smart glasses overall if meta has 80% of this like emerging category that's selling 7 million units and they get like basically zero credit for it?

I don't know.

I just think I don't know anybody that's like excited about.

meta business. Well, it's not zero marginal cost. And I mean, truth, but if it has even a 10% chance of

becoming, like, actually a dominant consumer computing platform, I don't think that's the case,

though. Like, no one would say that the Apple Watch is a dominant computing platform. They would

say, like, it's a great accessories business for Apple, and it's probably worth $50 billion or $100 billion,

and that's just not that material one way or another to a $2 trillion company or a company.

but it hopes to be worth two trillion.

And so I think that it can get there.

When I see 7 million pairs of glasses

compared to 100 million smart watches,

I feel like this is perfect trajectory.

Like this is great.

Do you think that meta ever makes a free pair of glasses

that's ad-supported?

I don't know.

I think that an ads business

would actually be much more attractive.

When you say,

oh, they're making a billion dollars in revenue,

that's not 100% margin,

I think about, well,

What is Threads revenue going to be?

And that's going to be much higher margin.

Like, Threads is probably more exciting to the core business and to the financial outcomes.

Yeah, I just think if you...

I understand it's exciting.

I like hardware.

Like, it's cool.

It's just like it's hard to underwrite to like some, oh, it's moving the needle on cash flow.

This is going to pay for another data center.

I would expect to see, just like we saw the ad-supported Kindle, I think we'll see the ad-supported

meta-glasses.

Are the ads on the inside for the wearer or on the outside for everyone interacting with me?

for the user. So you're walking on a street and you walk past a restaurant. It pops up like,

you know, get a free matcha. I don't like that. I like the other way. I want to be wearing the

glasses and I want it to be barking ads at everyone around me while noise canceling those ads to

me. So I don't get, I don't have to hear that. You become a loud billboard. Exactly. I pay for

the no ads version, but you didn't pay and you're sitting next to me. So unless you pay, you, you

So you would dress up as like one of those guys that are on the street.

It's like a modern sign flipper.

You dress up as a guy on the street and you're pretending to do like, what do you do for a living?

Yeah.

But then right when you get up, instead of saying, what do you do for a living, you just activate the ads.

And you just try to bark like four or five ads.

What is your intelligent cloud provider?

Is it railway?

Which one is it?

Railway is the all in one intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agents to deploy web app, servers, databases, and more while Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

That would be a great ad to bark.

out of your glasses on command.

Anyway, so Apple is reportedly hard at work on its own smart glasses, although it's unclear when they might arrive.

German said 2028, 29, like we're more than a full year away, which is remarkably slow,

given that I feel like when Apple enters this, they're going to do very well.

I don't know.

Maybe the Apple aesthetics won't work in the glasses market, but I feel like they have,

the design lineage and capabilities, like they make small devices, like the technology is going

to be great and very integrated, and they just have to get the design right, but you can have multiple

shots on goal with different styles and frames. So it doesn't seem like it will be hard for them to,

you know, add that into your cart when you're getting a watch and an iPad and a phone,

even though they might cost a lot. I don't know what the Apple...

Let's get into the skepticism.

Okay, since the start.

Hostility. The idea of a face-worn computer has garnered skepticism, even hostility, which is understandable.

When most of us are trying to reduce our time in front of screens, it seems absurd to mount them right in front of our eyeballs.

And we should, and why should we be okay with everyone we meet pointing internet-connected cameras at us?

It feels like an assault on what little privacy we have left.

So why you carry a flashbang around?

Then there's the built-in AI. Artificial intelligence let these guys.

glasses, identify objects in our field of view. That is not a very compelling use case for me.

Hot dog, not hot dog. It's just like, I'm looking at a building. What is this building?

It's a building. What is this tree? What do you see? It's a tree. I don't know. Do you care

if it's a ficus tree or not? It's pretty rare. South African meerkat. How often are you running into an

unidentified mere cat? This is not that big of a problem. The bigger one is that you're just

able to talk to an AI agent and have it look up things for you, have it do whatever you want

on your phone, in your world, in your agent. But it's very rare that you're seeing things in the

real world. Oh my God, what can is this? What is this? I need to know. It's like, come on. I know

what a Diet Coke is. And then if I know... Just say you're not five years old. Just say you're

not five years old. But if I know what it is, then I don't need the visual part. I can just say,

hey, I want some extra information about Diet Coke. I'm about to drink one. Can you look up

the latest Aspartame studies?

I do use, like I learned about a kind of car from Renault called the Twizzy.

Yeah.

That is quite popular.

And I did take a picture of this.

Sure, sure.

I have been doing that too.

And ask chat, what is this?

Yeah.

But it's very, it's something that pull up the Twizzy.

Also, I was playing.

This is like potentially the coolest vehicle on the road.

Yeah.

I was playing a video game and I took a photo.

of the screen when I had to upgrade my character in this role-playing game and I was like,

how should I allocate my points?

Look at this.

It's pretty sweet.

Imagine you and your best friends.

I thought, that is a smart car too.

It's not.

Imagine you and your best friends have a fleet of these and you're just like, hey, let's go

to the park.

It's the French dream.

Hey, let's go play some golf.

And you pull up to the golf course.

And then one person.

And you don't even get out of your car.

You just drive straight to the first hole.

They should be able to have like a series of toe hitches.

where you can create a road train out of them, and then one person drives and the rest can shell.

That would be very cool.

Yeah, we saw some kids bombing around in some crazy smart cars, having a great time.

Gold Rock says business idea.

Pay people to blast your ads on JBL speakers and crowded plays faces.

I think you could potentially make a run at that before regulation came in.

Shrek it up.

Shrek that Twizzy, please.

then, okay.

But there's growing unease

with companies sticking generative AI features

into any and all products

and having a little AI gin

always whispering in our ear

seems like a cautionary tailor

or a Twilight Zone episode.

And yet there will be smart glasses

and you and I might even choose to wear them.

Their technological inevitability

a new consumer tech arms race

for the last and best real estate on our bodies.

I envision that someday all glasses

could be smart glasses, said a man who should know.

Zaid who heads the division of Qualcomm

responsible for making the chips that go into the meta,

the meta, Snap, and Samsung smart glasses.

Who are they for, though?

The problem with most smart glasses

is that it remains unclear what exactly they are for.

Steve Jobs once said that design is as much about

what something does as how it looks.

It isn't hard to imagine that were he still alive today,

his critique of most of the smart glasses on the market

would be scathing,

take the SNAP specs.

They are a triumph of engineering, squeezing a fighter pilot's helmets,

fighter pilot's worth of optics and computing into frames that while not exactly

felt, or at least don't require a chin strap, but for what purpose?

Snap chief executive Evan Spiegel said they could be used for live translation,

turn-by-turn directions, working on the go.

Has anyone made the, has anyone made the motorcycle?

helmet

computer?

I think they do have

fairly advanced

helmets these days

snowboard.

I want a personal computer

that's shaped as a

motorcycle helmet

that I can just wear

around.

That would be cool

it'd be like more

cyberpunk

Palmer was teasing

a very thin

small pair

of like aviators

of smart-ish

looking glasses.

Yeah, it looked like

they had bolted

onto just traditional

aviators which were really

cool.

The catch,

you have to be seen

in public wearing these to get the most out of it, your friends and colleagues would need them

too, and that's assuming the software running on these lightweight computers can live up to the

promise. I was thinking about, like, yeah, like, should you start with glasses that are

woefully underpowered on the battery side? Like, if you launch a pair of smart glasses and

they're 30-minute battery or something, like very limited, but they're really light, and so people

actually try them and then, like, is it better for everyone to complain about how heavy they are

or how, how light they are, but the battery keeps running out? Because at least that's a,

that's a signal that people are using it to the fullest, if they complain. Like, if, if the VR

headset's light and people are, oh, it runs out of battery, I got to plug it in all the time. It's like,

okay, well, at least you got to that far. At least you enjoyed it fully. And then you,

and then you needed, you know, like working on that extension feels like,

an easier path.

Senrod dropping nuclear.

Design is how it works.

Steve Jobs.

There you go.

Yeah, I continue to believe that the biggest market for smart glasses will continue to be

people that need corrective eyewear, right?

Over a billion people in that market.

And if you have to use glasses all day long, you may as well add some smart features.

it's a tougher sell for, you know, people that aren't already dependent on glasses.

Yeah.

I do think that they, I mean, in addition to the traction on the sales figures, which are

impressive, I'm starting to see more content that's created organically by meta-glasses

creators.

But you know what those people are doing?

What?

In large part.

They are jail-breaking the glasses to not show that they're recording.

Whoa.

Because so many of those videos.

If somebody just walked up with a camera on your face,

they wouldn't get the same reaction.

They'd be like, stop filming me.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But instead, they have like a pretty organic.

So they turn off the light.

They turn off the light.

It's very easy to like basically black it out.

Sure, sure, sure.

Cover it up.

I think people have jailbroken them.

Probably just put like nail polish over.

Yeah, but there's like actual jail breaks

so that you can basically disable the light.

Yep.

And so a lot of those videos are just like people recording people without their permission

or understanding.

Yeah.

And then just posting these like violation of social contract.

Yeah, yeah.

No, not even just a little bit.

Like a complete and total violation.

And that's going to be a big problem.

Just never go out in public if you don't want to be found.

Just never go outside.

Just never touch grass.

Yeah, I don't know.

Well, MET is working on a bunch of other stuff.

They're working on artificial intelligence.

You may have heard first before we dig into this.

Want to change the world? Raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

Zevers says they seem to be pretty focused on coding right now.

I'm pretty sure this is the largest coding training data generation effort in the world.

They have the compute.

30 to 50% of engineers on core teams have been forcefully reassigned to data labeling in the ADO org, agent data optimization.

Powell McCormick convened the soire.

which capped a pack day of meetings across Wall Street to deliver a message.

Meta's radical plan to become a leader in AI will require vast amounts of capital,

and her door was open to discuss innovative financing structures and partnerships.

They might wind up raising billions more to fund the buildout of MSL and meta's AI efforts.

One engineer told this reporter that the whole situation feels like the movie The Hunger Games,

when tributes are randomly selected

and then remove from their environment

to something completely different

except that meta, many more folks are being affected

with between three to five

from a 10-person team going from building products

used by hundreds of millions

to giving human feedback on AI-generated GitHub repos

over and over.

So a wider impact than in the hunger games

with less drastic consequences.

Yeah, still air-conditioned with free snacks,

which they are improving apparently.

I don't know.

It seems like that's bad.

Yeah, so what do you, what, uh, so, so doc is, uh, we're going to have meta code.

Yeah, I mean, it seems like they're trying to have a model that they would sell it on the API or something.

Yeah, and it's just, it seems like a kind of nice. I don't know. It's an entirely new motion.

They have done this before, though. At one point, they were trying to compete with Google workspace

and have like a Slack competitor effectively. Like you could run your company on Facebook spaces

and Facebook Messenger. And I don't think that ever really took off. So it is a new go-to-market motion,

but it is simpler because you don't have to rip everything out. You just port over to this particular

end point and yeah it's so it's so interesting it's so interesting because i i would have expected

i was expecting meta to spend enough money to get the meta ai you know chat jubt jemini

clod competitor yeah to the top of the charts and keep it there because i expected zuck to think

like hey if i get people asking questions all day long i can just target them much better

Oh, you mean the app store charts?

Yeah, so I expected them to go super hard on consumer.

They don't have background in enterprise.

They bought Manus, but even Manus was like sort of unclear what they were going to do over time.

Maybe they would integrate it into ads manager.

But I expected them to just say like, Zach say like, hey, I'm going to spend a lot of money.

And I have billions of users already.

I'm going to do whatever it takes to get a consumer chat app to the top of the charts, keep it there.

and over time, just focus on this one thing.

Yeah.

And the meta AI app sitting at 17 in the app store right now, you know, not, not nothing.

But I don't, like, the market is not, is clearly not, like, is clearly not sending signals, like,

hey, we're really excited for you guys to, like, pivot into enterprise and, like, spend hundreds of billions of dollars competing against Google,

AWS, Microsoft, Google, OpenAI, Anthropic,

all the Chinese labs, SpaceX.

Like, this would be an absolutely incredible come from behind story.

It would be one for the history books if they can do it.

But I think it's reasonable that the market is saying, like, no, they're not pricing it in.

Yeah, certainly.

Well, there's other news.

Zuckerberg directed meta to build a prediction markets app, which is a...

Mike Isaac with an incredible scoop.

Wild shift.

The experimental app internally called Arena would be independent of Facebook and Instagram.

It could compete for attention with Polymarket and Kalshi, the biggest prediction market.

It says Mike Isaac.

Mike says, importantly, the app is currently experimental and will not include using real money.

Though insiders have not fully ruled out a future in which that could help.

happen.

Do they have a fascinating?

Fascinating move.

I think I think

sentiment

is at near rock

bottom.

Well,

or just had that expose on

polymarkets advertising,

and so like the vibes are getting like more.

Well, yeah, so sentiment on

prediction markets is like,

I don't know if it's at an all-time

low. I think users actually like

generally like

It's way lower when it was like, oh, we're going to find out who the next president it is.

And now it's like, it's a gambling thing for sports.

And it's like the vibe has very much shifted.

Yeah.

And I think, I think, yeah, I mean, a lot of people have had, like, have benefited from using prediction markets as a data source.

A lot of people have benefited from sports betting.

There's a story about a guy who won $6 million on Draft Kings and built a mansion with a bowling alley in it.

I'm not kidding.

This guy's just like a great poker player.

And he's won a $1 million.

dollar can't he's won over a million dollars in fantasy sports the millionaire maker fantasy

sports tournament he's won it multiple times he's won it like seven times so so what i was saying

is like prediction markets are are you know you know revenue's exploding yeah i think that's a

sign that users like the product yeah uh i appreciate them as a data source i always have yeah um

but but sentiment around them broadly is just like bad yeah uh and then

then sentiment around meta, is at almost an all-time low, at least in the capital markets,

from their employee base, right? Like, people are, you know, very, very unhappy. And so maybe

Zuck is just saying, like, F it, like, can't get any, can't, I can't, I don't think it can't get any

worse. What's the, okay, here's a steel man on arena, the prediction markets app from meta.

If it doesn't use real money, there's way less risk of, like, yes, I saw this.

BL, BLT lock issue?

Yeah, instead of a skill issue.

I've never heard someone say lock issue.

That's so good.

Anyway, I know you were going to look at that.

Very funny.

Anyway, the arena bull case.

The arena bull case is if it doesn't use money, you don't run into any of the controversy around like, oh, someone's going to spend their last.

dollar, they're going to get addicted to this, all this.

Yeah, I totally believe that they'll never turn on the real dollar.

But you can still, they, so the steel man is that they have not, they've gamified everything

in the Instagram and Facebook orbit, and they actually haven't added pay to play mechanics,

really.

Like, it is all like aura farming.

You're farming for like fake currencies, likes, followers, reposts and tags and story views.

and there's all these different dopamine hits that you get,

which, of course, there's this discussion around addiction and blah, blah, blah, blah,

but it's not actually money.

And so you could imagine if they can make arena and getting points in the arena

as rewarding as getting a thousand likes on an Instagram post

or a thousand views on a story post, if they can make it, people love the status of like making accurate.

A good call.

Yeah, exactly.

And so if all of that is integrated and you can go to someone's account and you can see,

oh, well, they got this many views, they have this many followers.

they're followed by all these cool people

and they also have run it up huge on arena

this is like a high signal account

and maybe I should follow it.

So I don't know. It could be something

that I think part of it is like social media

is as being,

is starting to be viewed as something that is as bad

as gambling for society,

potentially worth. Sure. Right? Potentially worse

than gambling. Maybe.

And so part of it's just like, F it. I think you

users will like this, they'll use it.

And you can imagine, like, making Instagram already one of the most addictive apps

ever created and just adding casino functionality to it.

So you're gambling with your friends.

I'm not, you know, I think it's, this move is like laughable, right?

Okay.

In many ways.

Yeah, yeah.

Just because it's, it's just given the amount of, you know,

of fire that social media is already under. Like, you know, this court case, right? The addiction court

cases and that now it's like, okay, well, like, we're sorry, you know, we're sorry that, like,

you think our app is, like, addictive. Like, you know, we're going to work this out in the courts.

But while we do that, like, we're going to introduce gambling. Gambling. It's like, it is, it is just

like a very funny move. And I'm sure they just wish, I'm sure they wanted to, like, keep it,

you know, under wraps. And it's probably an experiment still. Yeah.

But, but, you know, not a, not a move that's like very defensible, right?

Unless they stick with the no money thing.

I'm actually, I'm thinking that if there's no money involved whatsoever, forever,

I don't know that I have a problem with it.

It's potentially if people get so addicted to the status game of making good predictions

that they just stop doing real gambling.

That could be good.

he's trying to... That could be good for society. Wow. I hadn't thought about that.

Yeah. They're like, I don't care about making real money. Okay, okay. Yeah. Yeah.

I'm just thinking, I'm just thinking that like, yes, the fake currencies, virtual currencies, dopamine hits, like prestigeing on Call of Duty is the same. XP in Call of Duty. Like, yes, you can get too addicted to it and you can just spend all night playing Call of Duty to try and prestige or level up or whatever. You can be hunting for a platinum trophy on some super hard PlayStation game all night.

like that can be bad, but it's just a way different thing in terms of like what a crap,

what hitting rock bottom looks like when you're not involving real money.

Like you could hit rock bottom being like, wow, I was scrolling Instagram reels four hours a day

or I was playing Call of Duty all night, it couldn't be sleepy at work the next day.

Like it can be bad, not good, but it's nowhere near as big as like I lost my college

kid, my college fund for my kid.

I gambled it away, right?

If there's no money, it's just a different conversation.

I think you do need to put it in a different bucket.

Yeah, the other thing is Kalshi, it was reported as doing like over $2 billion of annualized revenue.

They're growing very quickly.

I expect them to be well beyond that.

Yeah.

Like if Zuck came in and you got 100% of the sort of like online gaming market, it could like maybe move the needle a little bit on.

but but you know this isn't like a winner take all market right a lot of people like even all

the apps are available they still use their like you know some some friend that has a sports

book or whatever so it doesn't really feel like a move that you make when you're you're

spending hundreds of billions of dollars on AI like you're betting the company on AI this

seems like it like I'm starting to maybe see that even though Zuck is very good at monetizing

applications that it might just be for the pure love of the game.

Yeah, Rob Flaherty summed up the pushback.

I'm at the child brain poisoning company.

I'm at the gambling company.

I'm at the combination child brain poisoning and gambling company.

Good reference to Pizza Hut and Taco Bell, a famous one.

But feedback to the Callagherie Jenner meta-glasses has been way, way better.

Wow.

Silicon Valley finally figured out who controls consumer

spending. This is not finally. Meta's been partnering with great celebrities for a really long time.

This does not come as a shock to me, but it is the right person to partner with. And it's so,

it's so, it's fascinating because we were trying to estimate like how much Meta spent on this

like partnership campaign. Yeah. I had, I was putting it at like somewhere around like 50.

I have no information on it. Million? Like 50 million. Yeah, yeah. How much does it cost to get the top

influencer in the entire world to do a campaign like this. Yeah. And launch a product with you.

Yeah. You know, maybe something like $50 million. Then Alex Heath, Heathenator, who we were with

this week. Scoop athlete. Scoop athlete comes out and Scoop athlete that's Snap is working on a deal with

Robert Downey Jr. to spend $100 million, potentially for a partnership there, which is

deeply confusing.

Okay.

For like, you know, a lot of reasons.

Like the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the,

the, the, the, the, like, probably the, the, like, probably the, the, or one of the top, uh,

influence, influencers on, on, on Instagram, right?

So, it's a deep existing partnership.

You don't know that this couldn't be, this isn't deep.

It could be a super deep integration.

We could be looking at, like, Iron Man 4, snap spectacles.

And the whole movie could.

could revolve around Iron Man taking off the suit and only using the snap spectacles to stop Thanos

for the fifth time in a row. And I just don't believe that as cool as Robert Downey Jr. is,

I don't believe that people are going to spend $2,195 on these specs because he is in a brand

campaign with them. Whereas I do feel like Kylie could potentially drive well more than

50 million of sales. Totally.

Of her.

No, 100%.

Kylie informs purchases at a very different rate.

Like, I'm a fan of Robert Downey Jr.

I like his movies, but it's very hard for me to close the loop from like, okay, he

looked good and was in this suit.

And so I should go buy that suit.

It's just such a broken link.

And the other thing is like the meta-glasses are a content creation product.

Yeah.

Like, that's their primary function.

And she's a content creator.

And she's a content creator.

Yeah, but you're completely discount.

the possibility that Avengers 12 could be filmed entirely on the Snap spectacles.

What do you think about that?

It's possible.

If it is, it could be worth it.

But yes, it's hard to underwrite at $100 million.

That's a lot of money for, it's not a lot of money for meta at $1.5 trillion in market cap.

It is a lot of money.

1.4.

It is a lot of money for SNAP.

Last week's number.

An $8 billion company.

Last week's price is not today's price.

market cap.

Seven, snack, snack.

Snap.

7.2.

Not bad.

It's only off 5% in the last five days off of this snap news.

It's down 25% over the last month, though.

It's had a rough go.

But I don't know.

I like that the product shipped.

I like that there's experimentation in competition in the wearables market.

And I do think that, like, Christopher Mims is correct that, like, there is an inflection

point here that wearables are.

this new battleground that a lot of companies are facing.

And there's a lot of opportunity with how slow Apple is moving in the category.

You can go and potentially win.

Like, I mean, just watching your reaction to this meta-glasses launches,

it doesn't seem like you're in the category of this is going to get steamrolled by Apple immediately as soon as they launch it.

You're like, they might come in and compete,

but they are seating so much territory that that 80% maybe goes to 50% if Apple really succeeds,

but it's not going to be a flip overnight because there's so much brand value,

so much style, so many partnerships to the silhouettes of the frame.

And so many learnings actually like what people are using these for.

So Snap sitting at 7.18 billion market cap with a projecting 2026 revenue of 6.76 billion.

Codex is a powerful workspace for getting work done with AI agents, whether you're writing

code, analyzing data, creating content, or automating business workflows.

Codex helps you move projects forward from start to finish.

New family of models.

Oh, yeah?

Previewing today, GPT 5.6 soul, next generation model.

Named after Soul, bro?

That's crazy.

I don't know about that one.

Um, uh, anyways, preview.

$100 million brand deal.

It's their Robert Downey Jr.

No,

it's named after the celestial bodies.

Soul,

Tara and Luna.

Cool.

And putting up a 90.

Like,

because I would assume soul is the biggest,

then Tara is the medium and then Luna's the smallest in terms of the model size.

So we're kind of like a large, medium,

small.

let me pull it up.

It's going to take a second for people to learn the new

the new language there.

I have enjoyed the drop-down in the chat GPT app

is just like how much reasoning do you want?

Instant, medium, high, extra high, or pro.

And I don't really think of them as separate models now

and I've been a fan of that.

Just use the right tool for the job behind the scenes.

Anyway, you can dig into that.

See if it's going well.

And of course,

By U.S. government directive, access is limited to only 20 pre-approved companies.

20. That's so small.

Which is brutal because our very own Dan Shipper will not be able to do a vibe check on it at least yet.

He's got to get access soon.

But a lot of this comes on the back of the distill gate that's happening.

Anthropics says Alibaba has distilled clawed many, many times.

And I saw a chart of the amount of tokens that are getting resold off the back of that API.

and it is staggering.

It's a true, somebody was like,

they professionalized fraud,

which seems accurate.

And so having really tight control,

it makes sense in the distilling world.

It's still very unfortunate.

To go back to your other question,

so Seoul is the frontier model.

Terra is a balanced model for efficient,

everyday work,

and then Luna is a fast and affordable model

for high-volume work.

Okay, cool.

You had it right.

Well, Rockstar Energy Drink,

founder Russ Savage. What a name. He put five homes on the market for a combined total of

just shy of $300 million in hopes of attracting newly rich buyers right after the SpaceX IPO.

He says, people got liquidity and you are my ex-liquidity. You are my ex-liquidity. You are my

excellent liquidity. Buy my incredible properties. So Rockstar Energy, founder, creator, and real

estate investors putting five homes he owns in Los Angeles, Aspen, Park City on the market for a combined

total of $297 million. He's betting that a wave of newly rich buyers will be looking for luxury

homes. We're entering a new stratosphere of top-ed wealth where there's no limit, said Savage, who's been

buying, renovating, and selling homes across the country for a decade. Where are they going to buy

properties? They're going to want a ski house and they're going to want a house in the sun. Savage is asking

$85 million for a seven-bedroom home on Aspirin's Red Mountain in Los Angeles. He's

listing two estates, one for $85 million, another for $34 million. Park City, he's listing properties

for $55 million and $38 million. Where is he going to live? Some he's listed before, but others

he's putting on the market for the first time since buying them. Paul Benson, one of Savage's listing

agents, is already seeing the impact of these anticipated IPOs across the markets he works in,

which includes San Francisco and Seattle. People employed by SpaceX or Open AI or Anthropic are

being approached by banks and funds with upfront investment cash aiming to lock in early connections

with these soon-to-be ultra-wealthy clients because newer construction luxury homes have

already been selling well. This will put further strain on supply and I believe it will drive up

prices, he says. Savage is also betting on the economy, believing it will be strengthened by peace

deals. He's long America falling interest rates and a stock market that continues to hit record highs.

Savage 56 sold his beverage.

brand to PepsiCo for around 4.7 billion in 2020 and lives in Florida. He started investing in

high-end real estate after he founded Rockstar Energy in 2001. He said buying luxury homes, redoing them

and living in them until he decides to move somewhere else. He was formerly named Russ

Weiner, but took the name Savage in honor of his father political commentator. Michael Savage?

Wait, what do you mean took the name in honor of his father?

Michael Savage.

Michael Allen Weiner, born 1942, is known by his professional name Michael Savage.

He's an American author, political commentator, an activist, former radio host.

He's best known as the host of the Savage Nation, an nationally syndicated talk show that aired on the talk radio network across the United States until 2021, was the second most listened to radio talk show in the country.

country with an audience of over 20 million listeners.

Wow.

He's sold books.

Yeah, Dr. Michael Savage has a Ph.D.

in nutrition science.

He's conservative.

He has two children.

He's still alive.

And his son is Russell Golden Cloud Weiner, who now goes by Russ Savage.

That is crazy.

What an insane.

So his name now is Russ.

golden cloud savage. He really created a golden cloud with his company. He started Rockstar in 2001.

What is this? Golden packaging. Rockstar energy drinks. Yeah, it was golden. It was golden.

Or it is. He's also the founder and CEO of his own company. He was, oh, you just barely

snuck in the Forbes list of 500 richest Americans. He's number 494 with an estimated net worth

of $3.4 billion in 2025.

His estimated net worth is $5 billion.

He's done fantastically.

This is very interesting.

He bought the West Hollywood home of basketball player Carlos Boozer for $10 million.

Listed another home.

He lives in Delray Beach.

Fascinating.

Well, good luck to him.

Hopefully, if you have some SpaceX liquidity, you can go pick one of these up.

They all look fantastic.

And he's certainly done a great job.

Let's work on getting Russ on the show.

I would say Nick.

He's an absolute savage.

I would say Nick, work on it, but somebody is not in the Ultradome today.

If you, if you're trying to build luxury properties, you got to know that there's going to be a small group of hungry savages.

Coming after you.

Cursors, $60 billion dollar SpaceX deal.

It prices off of the seven-day weighted average of the SpaceX closing price before close.

The lower the SpaceX stock, the more SpaceX for cursor holders.

The deal was announced with SpaceX at $211 per share.

Now it's at $155, but very stable today at 152.

Cursor holders are rooting for the stock to keep falling until close somewhat.

I can't imagine that they're rooting for it to go down all that match, but that much.

But that is an interesting dynamic that's playing out.

also SpaceX is eyeing a bond sale for the history books and the financial times doesn't like it

Allianz, the insurer, are they sounding the alarm?

SpaceX's green light for $25 billion bond sale is a clear sign of bubble terrority.

I mean, at the same time, they got, what, $80 billion in cash on the balance sheet at this point?

Seems like a reasonable debt to equity ratio, but let's hear the bear take from Allianz.

SpaceX decision to launch a $25 billion bond sale shortly after raising $86 billion in a

record-breaking IPO is a clear sign that the markets are entering bubble territory. Uh-oh.

The investment chief at insurance group Allianz has warned. Big investors have grown increasingly

nervous the companies rushing to raise money in a flurry of big equity and bond deal,

seizing on record high stock prices and credit spreads close to the tightest in decades could signal

a top in frothy markets. SpaceX raising debt so soon after a blockbuster equity issuance

was a good example of markets shifting from healthy boom, a stretch boom, into bubble territory.

said the chief investment officer at Allianz, which manages 800 billion of assets.

Elon is hoovering up.

He really is.

Cash.

Someone else was saying, how is X money paying a 6% yield?

You know, people have learned to ask, where is the yield coming from?

But, of course, X.com, the space company, whatever, whatever cash that they have deposited in X money, I'm sure they're able to use.

that to build infrastructure? Yeah. No, no. I mean, that that is the thesis there. And I'd be

very interested. They, they say it's up to $10 million is insured, 6% yield that's higher than

cash app and many of the other online. You confirm that up to $10 million? This was in the,

this was in the tweet announcing it. I don't know exactly what level of insurance. So they actually

are, this is not just like. They said insure. I didn't see it. I didn't see it. I didn't see it.

FDIC I insured.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

No, but that signals that they're not viewing this as like, oh, this is just like a perk to get consumers.

Yeah, oh, put in a thousand bucks.

It's like, no, like random investors can be like, wait, I'm earning 4% in my bond account with my bank.

I should move this over to X money and just get the 6%.

There's a lot of yield hunters and credit card points, maxers who just are always hunting for,

oh, this account gives me a good rate of return.

And, you know, where is the yield coming from?

It's a different equation when you have $100 billion on the balance sheet.

Seems like you can make all the discussions over bubble territory or overvalued.

But at the same time, like, you're at the top of the cap table of a really well-capitalized company.

And so you're probably going to get that yield.

At the same time, SpaceX is going to potentially raise billions of dollars through this.

For every hundred people that put in $10 million and clip that 6% coupons.

They get a billion dollars. So could you imagine a thousand people signing up for that putting 10 million in

Getting six percent and then that's a ten billion dollar incremental raise for SpaceX? That seems pretty

Doable. That doesn't seem like crazy math to me

It's a very different go-direct strategy

We've seen other hypers

Issue corporate debt at those rates below those rates around those rates

So it doesn't seem crazy. It's just interesting that it's going through this

direct channel for the first time as opposed to the more traditional Wall Street path.

But the Wall Street path, they're complaining.

So go direct, I guess.

That's the strategy.

Anyway.

Minute Moolis is already done talking about AI restrictions.

I feel like that's low-key, a big deal.

Yeah, we have some pieces in here about it.

We'll go through this.

Your business is AI.

Their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

There's more data center backlash.

Data Centers, how do they work?

Theo Vaughn says nobody wants a data center dude.

And the people that want them to me, they seem kind of evil.

Nobody wants this.

One of these companies is going to own all this information.

He had some very funny takes about...

He said emotional credit score.

Emotional credit score would be weird.

Yes, the data center issue needs to be messaged much more clearly.

And I think...

There's just such a wide gap between the water or the power thing.

I'm assuming he starts this way, but then he says,

I'm going to be switching.

distributing my

podcast on

CD.

That's such a bad

countertake

because truly

like the data centers

that are required

to power

the YouTube

and podcast stream

it's like so

so small

compared to what

AI is doing

in terms of

data center

construction

and and the power

requirements

and the build out

requirements.

I mean like

you fire off

one AI agent

and you're using

like you

it's equivalent to

YouTube for like

10 years

probably.

But yes, the internet powers lots of things, but people have to understand the benefits and the value of these things unless otherwise they're just like, why?

Why don't we just use the data centers we have?

Why do we need new ones?

And then they also need to be constructed in remote locations, away from housing, quietly, with clean energy, with, you know, not with a closed loop water system.

Like there's a bunch of boxes that if you check them, people will be okay with it.

but it's certainly slow to actually build up the narrative.

Amir over at the information has a little bit of a narrative violation.

AI data centers apparently are godsend for some communities and produce a lot of jobs.

Union leaders are saying they're great.

For instance, three large Wisconsin data center campuses, Microsoft Meta, and Oracle are building.

They're supporting almost 10,000 jobs during the building phase, which began in 2020.

And last through 2028, according to Mandala Partners.

When they are fully operational, the facilities will support 6,000 permanent jobs.

Nearly a third will be in-house highly skilled roles, including 770 technicians, managing critical, mechanical, and electrical systems, and 700 data center technicians.

The rest are in the supplier network that provides these facilities.

And meanwhile, in West Memphis, Mayor Marco McClendon recently told me it was, quote, a stagnant city before Google broke ground last year on a data center just outside its boundaries.

The companies' investments are now making it easier to recruit other businesses in the city.

And also figuring out the correct tax strategy for the data centers seems to be the next sort of domino to fall.

Because Virginia has benefited a lot from the data center build out from AWS.

And I believe property taxes are like unnaturally low for Virginian residences because the government balance budget.

The government budget is balanced towards getting revenue from from,

the data center build out that's happened in Virginia.

And so they haven't been so such a big deal.

Anyway, we should move on to other stuff in AI bans.

What's going on?

There's a Wall Street Journal article we can read through here.

Open AI limits access to new models citing government security concerns.

Company says White House review of AI releases shouldn't become long-term default.

Ban on mythos model remains.

opening eye said it's limiting access to its newest artificial intelligence models after discussions with the Trump administration, but warned that the recent trend of the White House restricting industry activity on national security grounds on a case-by-case basis shouldn't become the norm.

The maker of chatypt, yeah, I saw a lot of like safety people being like, this is the worst of both worlds.

It's not some sort of like broad-reaching, apply, you know, just like the rule exists and then everyone can easily comply.

it's like the highest touch government intervention

and it makes the government have much more power over AI

which is something the safety folks I think

at least the ones that I saw talking about this were not a fan of

but yeah it's also just like you know there's the new

it's GLM 5.2 that people are loving

someone was talking about how they didn't love it in the chat

I don't know what the reviews are we'll have to talk I don't know in general

there's been a lot of excitement a lot of people saying like hey I could use this

as a daily driver if I had to have said open sources like

six months behind. And so now we're like approaching six months past like the last jump in

paradigm and like massive cyber capabilities. So those cyber capabilities are coming to fruition

in the open source world. There's an interesting dynamic between the risk of like bio stuff

and cyber stuff. So if you have a model that can hack a system, it can usually patch that system

for that hack in far less than six months.

Like probably in like an hour.

It can see, oh, there's a, there's a exploit here.

And we shipped the code, merged it in, and now that exploit is closed.

And so the gap between like finding, like, you create the hack machine 9,000, you can hack

everything, but instead you use it for legal reasons, for economic reasons, to patch all the systems.

That's great.

The problem that I'm worried about now is if there is a world where building the counter, building the counter, like the good version of something takes longer than six months.

So the example I'll give is in bio.

So let's say that you have a next generation model.

It's really good at finding viruses that if created would wipe out a ton of people.

It's also really good at building early warning detection systems and, you know, counteractive, like take this pill and you'll no longer, you know, be susceptible to that deadly virus that is now possible.

That's fine.

As long as you continue to roll out the biosecurity initiatives first, you should be good.

Because by the time the open source hacker, nefarious actors, state actors, get access to the bio weapon 9,000, you've already patched your society.

so that you have bio-risk security, early detection,

all the different medicines that you need to fight back.

But if manufacturing all of that

and actually deploying the biosecurity, the bio-risk,

the good version takes a year,

but the frontier is only six months behind,

you could wind up in a situation

where manufacturing the virus is much shorter

than manufacturing the antivirus.

Now, I don't know exactly,

how all of that works, if that's real, what the level of risk is there.

But that's maybe a unique problem, especially if it's a situation where you need to make a lot of the antivirus.

And you only need to make like a small amount of the virus.

And so, I don't know.

I think that's, is that not exactly how?

It's possible.

I don't know.

We'll see.

We'll need to talk to more people that understand biosecurity risk and see where this goes.

it's also just harder to like to create bio weapons it's less like like you can you know with a

sufficiently advanced model you can you can hack into a you know corporate database from your

laptop you do need a something like a biolab which is not nearly as distributed as laptops

which everyone has so yeah but it feels like every six months they discover like some like unauthorized

bio lab somewhere in the U.S.

That, you know, has a bunch of existing viruses.

So very concerning.

Yeah, very risky.

Well, let's go back to the Open AI news.

Open AI followed a similar process with versions of GPD 5.5, like cyber, which demonstrated

an ability to discover vulnerabilities in software that could be used in cyber attacks.

The similar capabilities of Anthropics mythos models prompted the White House to increase

its oversight of the industry and overhaul its light touch approach to AI.

There was of course that news that the NSA commented that Mythos was able to hack into a bunch of their systems. That was during a red teaming exercise

Like

Like so they had a red team

Deliberately try to hack the systems probably from within the network to some degree

Still scary but not some unintended behavior which I think is good news

The unprecedented intervention led Anthropic to halt all access to comply with

the new rule, Anthropic, had previously worked with the administration on a limited rollout

of an earlier version of Mythos.

And OpenAI said it hoped to make 5.6 generally available in the coming weeks and that the

government's current approval process represents a transition period while President Trump's

recent executive order on model oversight is implemented.

Quote, we don't believe this kind of government access process should become the long-term

default.

It keeps the best tools from users, developers, enterprises, cyber defenders, and global

partners who need them.

The company said in a blog post, we are taking.

taking this short-term step because we believe it is the strongest path to broader availability.

The latest Anthropic models have been shut down for two weeks.

There was some moving prediction markets, which controversial but very useful sometimes.

It seems like Fable might be coming back.

The markets is like jumping all over the place.

So someone seemingly knows something, but it does seem like all of these delays are being worked through actively,

especially as the open source frontier advances, it feels less and less reasonable to keep

close source models locked away.

Well, why is the open source model frontier advancing is because the models are widely

available.

Well, is that what's going on?

Distillation.

Yeah.

Like a minute in the chat says, I think we're headed toward a future where frontier models

will just be completely cut off from everyone else, national security asset treatment, no

distillation from anyone allowed.

Like, if you make these models available, like, clearly, if you make the models available

through everyday consumer subscriptions, there will be groups that will create networks of,

you know, thousands of accounts and distill the models.

And then you're giving away this, like, advanced capability.

Now, whether or not that causes, like, you know, these sort of, like, doomsday scenarios,

It's not entirely clear, but it's clear that the open source frontier will just, you know, continue to lag the closed source frontier until the distillation problem is solved.

Yeah.

I was listening to Ian Bremmer on the foreign policy podcast.

He just wrote a piece about the Breminator?

The Breminator.

We got to have him on.

He's fantastic.

But he was pointing out a problem with the sort of like individually targeted regulation of AI.

Like Bessent brought all the bankers together because America is very strong in the banking sector to address AI.

But that doesn't include infrastructure because our global infrastructure is not particularly, like we don't have the largest infrastructure companies in the world.

And so we're very like piecemeal on this.

And he says that like he's calling for much more integration between what's happening at commerce

and what's happening in the finance world and then also what's happening in all sorts of

Do you think meta's stock would pop if Zuck could go get a preliminary ban on some of their new models?

The aura farm of the ban, it does seem to be working.

It's too powerful.

You got to ban the next version of Diet Coke.

Regov says, I love these boys only episodes.

It's classic TBPN.

So do we.

Yeah.

So do we.

We might need to run a no, no interview week.

That'd be good.

An interview cleanse.

Yeah, we could do that.

Yeah, I don't know where it goes.

It's tough because, yeah, like some of that, some of those problems that you identified

about the advancing open source frontier mass distillation, that doesn't seem like you can,

there's a regulatory solution for it that maintains open access.

Like, that's the trick.

Is it like?

Yeah, there's a scenario where it's, there's only, you know, you have to be.

Yeah.

Only the largest, most trustworthy companies in the world.

And that feels like a really dark.

You know who did, you know who did actually push back in an interesting way was Bill Gurley?

And he, I mean, he was taking aggressive shots.

But one, one take he had that was somewhat resonant with me was he said, you know,

if these models are so smart, can't they detect a,

distillation attacks. And so there is a world where the closed source frontier advances to a point where you can mitigate distillation attacks much more effectively. And be, instead of a white list, you have a ban list. And so you're banning organizations that are trying to distill. But the models are still pretty much widely available. You're still playing whackamol constantly. But you have AGI in doing the whackamol. And so you have, you know, the, the, the, you know, the,

the best possible model going around and understanding, wait, that's a weird behavior.

Why is that person asking for those tokens over and over and over again?

Let's ban them.

And maybe the bans are happening all the time on an individual basis, and the ban list is huge.

But the allow list is generally available.

And so most companies and individuals can just sign up.

That would be an interesting outcome.

Well, I think we should switch gears and go through the new soft bank.

Yes.

A lot of people have been talking.

about this for a long time. Masa kind of tied it up in a bow for everyone. Where do we get started

with Masayoshi Sown from SoftBank? He says that the true source of value is the golden egg

factory inside of the books, though, and just go right from the beginning. Okay.

We go through the whole thing. Okay. Let's get it up on the big board. Group.softbank.

group. Softbank. They have a TLD. What? That's a cool

TLD. They just own Dot SoftBank? Can you just go to

www. softbank? We are getting it up on the big board.

Asi, artificial super intelligence, JPI 1 quadrillion. What is SBG? SoftBank Group.

50 year life plan. 20s. Get acknowledged.

You got to, you got to, you got to wait.

You got to wait for.

They're working on it.

They're working on it.

They'll get there.

Oh, we updated this.

Here we go.

Here we go.

Pull it up.

Yeah, this is good.

Done.

Done.

Next slide.

All right.

So, Ben, if you could read through this while we get set up.

No, don't.

No.

Go to the next one.

ASI, artificial super intelligence is happening, baby.

You got, you got the stock image of the brain.

And I don't.

So, so.

So notably, I think that this looks like, this doesn't necessarily look like it was generated.

I think this, I think this is a vintage.

This is a vintage asset.

This is shutterstock, right?

Yeah, this is shutterstock.

I think he's trying to say like, hey, the image models are good, but they're not image superintelligence.

Also, that's like 5,000 neurons.

Like, that would do absolutely nothing.

That's like worse than like a fly brain if you actually count the connections.

Anyway.

Some people have said that I have 5,000.

JPIY one quadrillion.

What's the plan to get to one quad?

One trillion is out.

We're going to quads.

That's the next slide.

Anybody?

There we go.

Keep going.

Keep going.

What is SBG?

Keep going.

I want to see the 50 year of life plan.

What is?

Get acknowledged.

Okay.

Finance war chest.

Forties take on a challenge.

What is the Wikipedia version where it's like rise to power?

Yes, yes.

Yes.

And like, you know, like controversy.

downfall.

Expansion of power.

Anyways, okay, so 30, he's getting his finance war chest.

It's early life, rise to power.

40s, he didn't even decide to take on.

Expansion of power, regime, coup, trial, and execution.

So notice here, he didn't even take on a challenge until his 40s.

Wow.

It's never too late.

But he did finance a war chest during his 30s.

Yeah, yeah.

But that wasn't a challenge for him.

I like that 60s, handover business.

50s just fully complete the business.

business. Complete. Job's finished.

Complete. The job was finished. Okay, but he hands it over.

Hands it over to the next generation, but then go to the next slide. Plot twist.

60 year life plan. He's not handed it over to the next generation. He is continuing at

the reins. Next slide. He wants to realize ASI in his second years. I'm not, I'm not,

I'm not done yet. The real challenge begins.

AISI platform provider, the real challenge begins.

Again, not AI generated.

This is shutterstock.

He knows it.

He goes into PowerPoint manually.

He's trying to send a signal to the Open AI team that there's still room for improvement.

Constrain on humanity's evolution, intelligence and execution, healthcare, education, research, caregiving, cybersecurity, all good markets.

That makes sense.

What's the next 30-year vision?

Bring the brain.

This is from June 25th, 2010.

Wow.

So.

Coexistence with intelligence.

16 years ago.

Yeah, he's getting there.

ASI brain computer,

physical ASI intelligent robots.

He basically nailed it.

We got the brain computer.

AI that answers AI is X.

Workflow automation.

Okay, so I'm starting to kind of feel like some of this is AI generated.

So you can kind of see him getting a little bit more AGI pill.

As the deck goes on.

But he does need a huge amount of credit for calling the shot on ASI, like a decade before AI 2027.

Everyone's like, oh, they nailed it.

There's going to be government conflict in mid-2020s.

That was like a 12-month prediction.

This guy was calling it a decade.

He kind of hyperstitioned it.

He did, potentially.

That's the manifestation.

You were saying this is manifestation for the bay.

Humans will not be replaced.

They will evolve through ASI.

Okay.

Okay.

Physical AI, robots for high risk work, rescue from disasters, solve labor shortages.

They have the AI model, open AI, have that semiconductor arm, AI infrastructure, and robot.

Just robot is the next one.

New intelligence.

We need to skip to the Golden Goose.

That's the highlight of the slide.

Oh, so they're doing 10 gigawatt Ohio project, 5 gigawatts in France, robot.

But keep going, a little bit more, a little bit more, and then wait here.

Keep going.

One more, one more.

This one.

Oh, the text actually looks pretty good on this screen.

On my screen, it's really hard to read.

But this is hilarious, just the level of, like, highlight, control you, underscore that.

It's like, in terms of, like, design, like, and putting the white text over the white robot, very edgy design, consideration.

No, he, you know, the slides are funny because it's such a big company.

Yeah.

And they seem like relatively unsophisticated.

Yeah.

But they work.

They communicate ideas.

They do.

In a simple way.

Okay.

Let's keep going.

I want to get to the golden goose.

Oh, yeah.

Here we go.

Okay.

So he's planning for a quadrillion of value or something like that.

Okay.

Okay.

So, yeah, 16 years.

Years ago.

Equity of value of holdings.

Five trillion.

The golden gears, five golden eggs.

This is such a great.

The net debt shareholder value is three eggs.

It's such a good metaphor.

Goose was not valued.

See, this is something that's people have been saying.

People have been saying, this has been like a VC talking point on the podcast circuit for a long time.

It's nice to see Masa like put it out there, but like Ann's had been tweeting this for

along. Yeah. Well, and a lot of

ECs realized that the goose was not

valued either. Yeah. And so

they started raising, you know,

selling secondary. It was in a lot

of LP decks. A lot of decks were saying

Goose was not valued. Yeah. So now

LPs are saying, hey, I'll buy some of the management companies.

It was kind of like a meme in Silicon Valley. People would

just say, oh. Goose was not valued.

Yeah, we're so early. Goose was

not valued. Or, yeah,

you'd have an exit in your portfolio

and people were like, how

was it? You'd be like, it was good. But

Goose was not value.

Goose do not lay eggs.

Eggs do not lay eggs.

That's the next slide.

Eggs do not lay eggs.

It was the goose

created the value.

Which is

which is hard to deny.

Do we have the clock on the board?

No, we got to get a

we got a glass.

We got a we got other

brutal.

We got the rest of the farm

but we got to get geese up there.

holder value. 15x in 16 years, 25 X in 16 years. They're at 74 trillion. What matters is not the

eggs. It is the goose itself. The power to keep laying eggs. The power to keep laying eggs.

The eggs. Over the next 16 years, he's going to one quad. I actually, what I actually want to get this,

like, like as a print to put up, maybe not in my home, but maybe in the garage. Yep. Because

is like the statement, what matters is not the eggs.

It is the goose itself, the power to keep laying eggs.

Like, if you're going, if you're waking up in the morning,

you go to get in your car and you just see that,

it's a reminder that, like, it's not about, like,

the value is in yourself, right?

The power to keep laying eggs, right?

Sort of like having that like,

like, jocco willing.

Yeah, having that goose mentality to start the day.

Goose maxing.

Priceless.

Yes.

Priceless.

The true, the true source of value.

I love, I love.

I love sprinkling in just like the goose and egg slides with like nav slides.

Yeah.

Projections.

Like it's very.

Keep going.

One more.

There we go.

This is beautiful.

The golden egg factory inside the goose.

What, what happened here is the, the true source of value, the golden egg factory inside the goose?

So the golden egg factory.

Yeah.

Of course it's inside the goose.

The goose is what lays the eggs.

It's an internal mechanism.

It's also not a biological process.

It's an industrial.

real process.

You can see here, it really

mechanism in the goose

and you have this sort of like automated

bare milk producing

these ASI eggs.

Yeah.

ASI are the eggs.

It's interesting.

Let's go to the next one

because I think it kind of clarifies

how to understand the market

capitalization of soft bank group.

You know, you need to,

he's feeling like, okay, like you're just

valuing me for my eggs.

I want you to value me

based on my egg value.

and my goose value. That's the path to the quadrillion. Yeah. Right. This is something they,

they don't teach you this at Harvard Business School. Realizing AI, this is his plan. And it is an

optimistic message. Happiness for everyone through ASI. It is funny. I mean, a lot gets lost in

translation. He has a very funny aesthetic. But, you know, I don't know. I agree with a lot of this.

Like, the models are good. Stuff is valuable. I don't know. It's,

It's very funny to see one of these, some of these slides, but it's a good time.

It's a half-bank group always delivers.

Always delivers.

It's funny.

You have to imagine that there's like someone over there who's been like, maybe we should

like punch up the design aesthetics and just like, no, we got a good thing going.

I mean, maybe it's like the Warren Buffett version of like the Berkshire Hathaway website,

never needs a rebrand, doesn't need to go with the linear aesthetic at any point in time.

Anyway, if you're making a deck and you're taking a different path, you probably want to open up Figma.

Agents meet the canvas.

Your AI agents can now create and modify your Figma files with design system context.

Masa, if you're listening, jump on Figma for the next one.

We'd love to see it.

And not even because we want you to change the aesthetics of your decks or the style or the way ideas are communicated, but purely because it'll make it faster and more efficient for your team.

Yes.

And you'll be able to collaborate more efficiently.

Yes.

Speaking of decks, character AI deck from 2021.

It's been floating around.

Which I guess came out in a lawsuit.

Yeah.

I wonder why.

But this was from 2021, December 8th, a lifetime ago in artificial intelligence, just five years.

It's crazy.

Two year run acquisition by Google, two years there.

Now, Nome is over at OpenAI about Nome.

And this is another good deck.

are you seeing this? This has the same, it has the same, it has similar level of aesthetics in the sense that it's like, like very simple and its design.

No, the lesson in here. And I've always said when working on decks, like if the deck is not compelling when it's black and white.

And there's not even any visuals inside. The final product, even if designed, you know, beautifully will not be compelling.

Yeah. So like the actual content, the words.

are what matter most.

And here you have Nome being...

He says he was always into AI.

Early days of Google, he created the spell checker,

did you mean? First targeting system for AdSense,

a topic clustering model, and then other large-scale ML systems.

Nome and LLMs.

In 2016, he predicted that large neural language models

are the future. Wow. Goated.

Goal.

Invent critical innovations and make them available to the world.

Guts of the transformer architecture,

distributed computing strategy, high performance sparsity, optimization, fast, decoding long sequences.

He also says the goose was not valued.

That's interesting.

I guess he said that earlier.

He was talking about in 2016, the lack of goose value.

Yeah, I mean, he said what matters is not the eggs.

What matters is not the models.

It's the architecture.

It's the goose itself.

Yes.

True value is the power to keep making models.

Yes.

And, uh,

but, uh,

this is a dig at open AI,

but it's also a testament to his,

his, uh, contributions.

GPT3, according to several open AI employees.

Open AI was directionless, attended Nome's talk in 2018,

took notes and implemented.

This became GPD3, continued to monitor and implement many of Nome's papers.

Uh, and he also referenced,

so funny.

Kevin Lacker says, GPT3 can't quite pass a coding phone screen,

but it's getting closer in 2021.

GitHub copilot.

based on GPT3, about Daniel.

He talks about other products.

And it's just a fun read to see, you know, starting a company, want to capitalize on future

innovations, left Google a month ago, lots more inbound interest from top people, lots of interest

from angels and VCs, taking first seed note.

Yeah, vision capabilities.

His use cases are interesting too.

It says version zero, million use cases, fun and interesting conversations, companionship,

recommendations, forward language practice, practice social situations, assistive

writing. The whole idea with character AI was that you'd be able to pick an individual person to

talk to. I remember I demoed it and I was like, I want to talk to Joseph Stalin and try and

convince him that capitalism is the best system or something. I wanted to like, I wanted to like have

a debate with the communist. Weren't you successful? No, it was, it was very funny because the,

the base model was so R-led against like communism and like all the famine and Russian like, you know,

expansionism that had happened in World War II, that it like was sort of, I was very quickly

able to convince Stalin that he was bad.

Yeah, I know, you were successful.

Yeah, I was basically successful.

Take full credit.

And I was like, that doesn't feel like actually what it would be like.

Yes.

And you came out on top.

Yes.

But it was an unsatisfactory experience because it felt like I was talking to an American sort

of larping as Stalin instead of like the real Stalin.

But it was interesting.

It talks about life coaching, customer support, personal assistance.

assistance, home automation, all things that are coming to real life, either through base models

or application layer products on top.

The mode is just quality, quality, quality, the best research engineers, the most intelligent

products, the highest usage, and large compute cloud.

He says it costs $1 million to train GP3.

Smarter model is more expensive.

Company plan, buy some GPUs, evaluating buy versus cloud, train a GP3 size model in three

total spend 20 million to 30 million in the first year anyway uh lots of fun there where else should we

go there's other there's other open a i news i mean the the chip jalapeno launched uh designed with

broadcom jalapeno's purpose built for lLM workloads powering chat chbcotechbc codex API future

agentic products uh very exciting uh crazy crazy crazy timeline here what uh just how quickly they

were able oh yeah yeah a lot of people are saying like this is the first

chip designed with AI agents in the loop so you can write the instruction set much quicker.

Sort of unclear exactly.

You got to give a lot of credit to the humans on both side.

But it is just cool because for a long time it was like, oh, it'll take five years to launch a chip.

And now companies are clearly doing it faster.

And so the go-to-market cycle is tightening for a variety of reasons.

Also, apparently, open AI made deals to purchase 40% of the global raw undiced DRAM wafer

output until 2029 millions of,

raw DRAM wafers that cannot be used until they're processed.

Paul Buchite says smart move, going deeper and deeper into the supply chain.

Always, always interesting moves from the deals guy at the top.

Speaking of timelines, people are comparing GTA 6 with the Burj Khalifa.

Burj Khalifa was built for $1.5 billion and took six years.

Apparently, GTA6 is $2 billion and it's taking 12 years.

But at the same time, people really have said, like, it is the Birch-Khalifa of video games.

It's kind of two Burj Khalifas.

I, we are going to have a very special episode on launch day.

I'm looking forward to that.

Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of ITHR and finance support,

giving employees instant resolution for access requests.

password resets.

We got to...

debate me about this, this

LED lamp.

Okay, so

Phillips

introduced skylight,

a ceiling-mounted

LED panel

that makes windowless

rooms feel like

they have a sky-facing

window.

It uses,

signifies nature

connect tech

to create the

depth, brightness,

and color shifts

of natural daylight.

Phillips also

follows the sun

throughout the day,

moving from cool,

warmer light

to warmer evening tones.

So yeah, do you think they can like basically understand your location and where you are and your orientation with the sun to actually actually make, you know, actually like track like where would the sunlight exactly be?

Yeah, so this got so much hate because the obvious solution, if you don't have sunlight is to go get some, walk outside, touch grass.

Or just carry a flashlight around.

Yeah, yeah.

Carry a flashlight around and just point it at your face.

is one solution.

No, if you're in a dark room and you want to see something over there,

point the flashlight.

It's easy.

But I have,

my first apartment when I moved after college,

was a very,

at a very funny room,

the only window in the room opened up to a public courtyard in the apartment building,

which made it just completely not a viable window at all.

Like,

why do you want,

it felt like actually being,

in a fish tank.

Yeah.

It was terrible.

Probably would have, like, enjoyed having one of these.

We also are in a wind, a bit of a windowless room here ourselves.

So I saw this and I was like, whoa, we should get a bunch of these.

And so, yeah, I was seeing all the hate for this and, like, sort of getting it.

But I think even throughout my life, I've just realized that, like, humans are, like, advanced cats.

Like, we sort of just migrate to where there's, like, the feet, you know, some amount of light.

I think the question is if you're in a building that has these, does it actually make, like, does it trick your animal brain into feeling like, yes, I'm in a sunlit room, I'm getting the benefits of sunlight? Or will people still, like, you know, try to congregate around the areas with natural light?

Yeah, I mean, it seems like an upgrade, even if it's not 100% of the way there, it's maybe 80% of the way there and it feels good.

I don't know. How much are these? Do we know yet? I'm very interested to see how much they

charge for this. There's some cool stuff here. Let's see what people are saying. I'm prepared

to buy 20 of these. I've been looking for something like this since I moved into a seller.

Well, this person is, he's obviously joking.

580 USD.

From Wayform, he's up. Just under $600. 600. 600? Yeah. I, I,

think, I don't know. I think that there's a very simple swap out of those can lights, those can

LED. You know the can LEDs that go into like ceilings? Normally it's like pretty standard in a modern

house. You go and you click a button on the wall and there's just like a bunch of can LEDs. And

the alternative to that was like those fluorescent tubes that you see in like old office buildings

that was like really bad. But I could imagine just having

these, even in rooms with, you know, windows, it's probably just a nicer light source than

a can light or a fluorescent panel, but probably not a full substitute from a nice window with

a view that's actually reality.

Yeah.

But why not put these all over the place if they look good and they're effective?

I bet you, you must be able to use them as like normal lights at night too, right?

or is it just for taking a somewhat dark space during the day and brightening it up?

Yeah, you can use them to trick yourself into thinking it's daytime.

Even when you're in a 48-hour video game bender.

Yeah, if you want to make your house more like a Las Vegas casino where you can't tell

what time it is, suck a little bit of the oxygen out, they should make an add-on for that,

reduce the oxygen level, and then keep the lights.

you know, there's that one in Paris,

or not in Paris, it's called

Paris, I think, in Las Vegas.

And it has this weird, like, blue sky

that they never turn the lights off in.

So when you walk through the casino,

you're just like, oh, it feels like 2 p.m.

And so you never leave, never leave.

Bernie Sanders is taking shots.

Tim Cook.

So Apple raised prices on basically everything.

They held back on a few,

few devices, but Bernie Sanders is mad about it. He says, corporate greed is Tim Cook, the billionaire

CEO of Apple. Not anymore. He's on the way out, soon to be ex-CEO of Apple, claiming that hiking

prices on Apple products by over $200 is unavoidable after it made $112 billion in profit last year and

spent $310 billion on stock buybacks. Gabe says this product is banned from the Ultrodome. Can't be

giving the boys a sense of time. So get longer chose. Yeah.

The price acts aren't unavoidable.

They're unacceptable.

And so apparently Apple spent 90 billion on stock buybacks in fiscal 2025.

But he's like correct.

I think Apple's reduced, I think Apple has returned a trillion dollars to shareholders.

So my number would actually be north of 310 billion.

But we live in a competitive market.

And this is an opportunity for other companies because if Apple's rate,

raising prices, that's a better value prop for a Chromebook or someone else who figures out how to

optimize memory and not have a price hike.

I just think, like, saying that, like, corporate greed is Tim Cook when the guy's barely

clipping 35 a year after taxes is rude and unnecessary.

Yeah, but the reason is, of course.

Like, I didn't see Bernie marching on Cooper Tino when Tim was, you know, on.

on his generational run being dramatically underpaid relative many of the other CEOs.

So I just think I just think crazy crazy person to put in your crosshairs.

Joe Wisenthel summed it up well.

He says micron market cap is up $150 billion today.

Apple's market cap is down 210 billion.

Almost a perfect value reallocation, hinging on memory.

Memory is expensive and so everyone is rotating.

over to Micron from Apple.

Here are the actual facts from the Germanator.

Apple raises Mac, iPad home prices

to counter memory shortage.

The Apple TV got hit hard.

It went from like $130 to $200 or $250.

So it saw the highest percentage price increase,

which is odd because I didn't think

that the Apple TV was particularly memory intensive product,

but it's certainly not Apple's core,

so maybe they offset a little bit of the pain there.

The company is increasing prices of the MacBook Neo,

which is the new laptop that was the cheapest MacBook ever made,

$500 with the educational discount.

The MacBook Pro is going up in price,

MacBook Air, iPad Air, iPad Pro.

Starting price of the MacBook Neo is rising to $700 from $600,

while the MacBook Air is increasing to $1,300 from $1,100,

so a $200 price increase for the MacBook Air.

The entry level 14-inch MacBook Pro is moving to 2 grand from 1700,

while the 11-inch iPad Pro is increasing to 1,200 from 1,000.

iPad Air, mid-tier tablet now priced at 750 up from 600.

The price hikes are global, and congratulations to...

No, Ben Thompson lost his bet to John Gruber.

Gruber won.

They had a bet over weather.

or not Apple would raise prices due to all of the memory price spikes.

Yeah, the CO Micron was sort of like hinting at some,

some basically negotiations that had happened years ago.

Apple is very aggressive in their supplier negotiations.

And he was basically insinuating that it was like Apple's,

like very sort of aggressive negotiating that made it impossible.

for Micron to be reinvesting in increasing production.

I think this was like in like 2021.

Yeah.

So anyway, it's complicated.

Interesting.

Well, gamers are already mad at AI about driving up the price of GPUs and memory.

And now you will have the Apple fanboys potentially upset as well.

So I don't know, Bernie, why not, you know, some subsidies.

Subsidize Apple.

keep those prices down.

No. The answer is obviously to build more,

build more capacity, build more memory,

bring the price down, let the market clear

as quickly as possible.

Mike Ron, of course, is a trillion-dollar company

headquartered in Boise, Idaho. Very cool.

We got to talk about small trucks.

Small trucks? It's time to talk about small trucks.

Shopify is the commerce platform that lets you grow with your business

and lets you sell in seconds online, in store.

on mobile, on social on marketplaces, and now with AI agents. Trucks.

Trucks. Before we talk about the slate truck, we got to talk about Rio Industries.

Oh. Started in 19. This is the week of, this is maybe the year of the small truck.

Yeah. Rio Industries started in 1905, reborn in 2026. They are undercutting the slate.

They're starting. They're starting at 21.

$21,500 for a four-cylinder gas engine.

They heard you, John.

John has been, this whole week, John's been thinking,

man, that slate truck is awesome,

but what if it had a gas engine?

They're coming out.

It's a four-cylinder gas engine,

manual and automatic transition,

body on frame, four-wheel drive,

600-mile tank.

How, they have their head-to-head

with the slate truck right here.

built.

Yeah.

Texas built.

So it's the Texas, the Texan response to the Slate truck.

Not a lot of other information, but, uh, slate.

Scroll down on the website, you can see that there's a how it stacks up, the Rio runabout

versus the Ford Maverick versus the slate truck.

They claim to be cheaper, more proven with their gas engine.

Yeah, so haters and critics.

600 miles on a tank.

Haters and critics of the small truck boom are pointing to the, uh,

Are you trying to get Brandon's attention?

Yeah, Brandon is not in the room anymore, I guess.

Bring him in here.

Oh, he had to run.

He's scared.

Yeah, he's scared to have this conversation on air.

But, yeah, the haters and critics of the small truck boom are saying the Ford Maverick XL already exists.

It has a lot of the bells and whistles.

Is the Ford Maverick XL Fordor?

Yeah, right.

Must be.

I think the Ford Maverick, in general,

is a four-door, right? Because every two-door truck has failed. There are no successful two-door trucks.

Two-doors is something people think they want. They look at it. They say, oh, that's so compact.

That's so easy. And then they realize that they won't want to easily put their family in the back without

sliding the seats forward. And so the demand just never shows up. And everything winds up being four

doors. And that's why you get these weird things.

I think the bed, that's so small. Relative of the big. You can't really say.

There's never been, they've all failed because like, the Ford Ranger was produced for many, many, many years.

It's a two-door truck.

My grandpa.

It's not around anymore.

My grandpa, well, it's around.

As a four-door.

No, it's around.

As a two-door?

My dad still owns my grandpa's old truck.

No, I mean, I mean, are they still selling them?

They produced the first-gen Ranger from 1983 to 1992.

A successful vehicle, like the E-Class Mercedes is still on sale, like, what, 50 years later, right?

The BMW 5 series is still on sale.

Like certain cars, they go through iterations, they have facelifts and new designs, but they stay around.

I'm seeing hundreds.

I'm seeing hundreds of two-door truck.

You're looking at used cars.

That doesn't count.

I'm talking about a company that's been in the market and decided, yes, it makes sense

to keep this in the model lineup for the next revision instead of going only four doors.

And so that is the problem that a lot of these cars will see.

There's a lot of demand, a lot of stated preference, but the revealed preference is always

for the four-door configuration, at least in America.

I do think that there might be something interesting

with shortening the nose.

It's a very odd aesthetic decision,

but if you actually want a small truck with four doors

and a full-sized bed and you're going electric,

you could, in theory, remove the front engine, the front trunk

and push the cab much further forward.

It would look a lot more like a bus.

People would probably not like the aesthetics,

but in terms of functionality,

you kind of get everything you want there

because the front area of

a Rivian truck is kind of

doing nothing. Like it's a nice extra storage space

and they put a bunch of equipment there. But that equipment can be

distributed throughout the rest of the vehicle.

But I don't know.

It would be a big uphill battle to make that look

cool because it would look like a

vote-swact-I-E-Buzz. So the bare case

for the slate is two-fold.

Maverick XL already

exists. Yep.

and it's 27 grand.

The slate is sort of bundling in,

I think, some of the taxes and, like, fees into their price.

So it's not an entirely fair comparison.

And, but they're doing a lot of stuff really well.

I think the way that they take basically one skew and make it so customizable

that it can feel like an SUV, it can feel like a Jeep,

it can feel, you know, it can feel like a basic.

truck. I, all I can say in terms of like how successful this will be is like I think I'll get one

just because it seems like a fun car to drive around on the weekend. And, and there's just like a bunch of

fun. Are you going to go track only? I wish, I wish they had a track only.

It's just an extra $400,000. And yeah, so who knows how to start with a 25K base and then add a $400,000

track-only package. Who knows

how this will go, but

I think that the like infinite

customization so that people can make it feel fun.

It's a very cool company. It's very cool. Yeah, make it feel like

really like their own. And the wraps are like a thousand bucks

or something. Like they will be like sort of nickel and diming you,

but it's truly just a nickel and just a dime to add a different

feature. And so you probably go crazy in the configurator and wind up with a whole

bunch of add-ons. But the fact that you can pick exactly what you want,

much more fun buying experience.

You can create something really interesting.

You can also add on incrementally.

I believe you can buy the truck

and then upgrade to the SUV seating arrangement later.

And you don't necessarily need to do that on day one

so you can sort of walk, crawl, run.

What is the range on this truck?

200-ish.

Wow.

Brandon Gorell in shambles.

He was spreading fake news.

So Brandon came in this morning.

He said it was like, it's 45 miles of range.

And I was like, it can't possibly be.

He said it's only 200 if you're pushing it for after 90 miles.

No, he said 90 and I said no, it's at 200.

I don't know if it was ever 90, but 200 is plenty for a daily commute in a normal city.

Also just for going around quick errands, it's not going to cost you anything.

You're going to charge it.

Seems fine.

I don't think that demand for the 300 plus range, a lot of people who are in that category,

this won't be their only vehicle.

they'll have a gas engine that basically has unlimited range, right?

Yeah.

But this can be.

And you're,

I mean,

you're basically going to hold off on any real judgment until we get,

uh,

get its time on the green hell.

Yes.

That's very key.

So we'll see there.

My only thing with the slate is like,

uh,

I actually think the,

the,

the actual customization software on the website is like very janky.

And I find it very hard to,

to seamlessly actually design different styles.

Interesting.

Ford is doing.

So it feels like they did.

like the hard,

their what?

Ford is doing a $30,000

electric pickup truck

next year.

It'll have four doors,

probably longer range,

faster charging,

and it'll definitely have more

like power windows default,

speaker, standard,

like a bunch of just the basics

that you get from like the Ford platform.

So there's a question about that.

The hybrid Maverick also starts at 30K.

So,

interesting challenge.

I think it's cool.

I think the best thing

is that it's just a fresh design. It looks very cool. I think it's a unique choice and

people can have a lot of fun with it and just sort of like experiment with a new thing.

But it does seem like a brutally competitive space. And it's a little bit, I don't know,

there's something about this where when I see a new Chinese EV, I see them breaking constraints

in like crazy, crazy ways where you're getting like supercar performance for $50,000 or

some ultra luxury, like it looks like a Rolls-Royce Cullin, but it's 70K. And there's some real

crazy innovations going on inside. This is a different sort of simple, much more simpler

utilitarian take. I think it looks cool, though. And I like that there's so much optionality

there. It feels like an interesting, interesting play. I really hope it's successful. Yeah,

I'm interested right now I can see it as kind of like a leisure, like weekender.

car, at least in my own life. I'm interested if they can crack the like first car market, right?

They are competing with the Tesla Model 3, which is like, you know, 12-ish K over what the

slate is set to start at. Tesla Model 3 are getting, you know, self-driving, more range,

arguably more function for a lot of people's like daily use. A lot of people, you know,

like the idea of having a truck, but only use the truck bed, you know, twice a year,

something like that.

So like you said, competitive, but I'm excited for it.

Going to MicroCenter now feels like going to a jewelry store says, says take him because

everything's so expensive.

Wow, $4,000 for a cutting-edge G-Force gaming graphics card.

That is a lot of money.

to be over like going up in 600, $800 for a graphics card. It was like, oh, you're paying big money.

Now it's real big money. I thought it was funny that the AC in Europe debate really kicked off right

when we, when we landed, we were experiencing it. And right as we landed, we were asking like talking

with chat, like, okay, so like is it, is it like why isn't it, why isn't it more popular at this point?

and there were not a lot of great, great reasons.

I was thinking a huge opportunity to start the air conditioning company of Europe.

That would be good.

I'm normally against that naming structure, but I kind of like it here.

You're going to have to lobby Macron or something,

because isn't there a law that says you can't air condition a building to less than like 79 degrees?

I think that's like a government building, like public spaces.

So if you're in a government, imagine.

It does feel odd that there's not...

Imagine you're at your office job, you know, working on like the, you know, blocking AI in Europe,

and you're just sitting there at your computer and it's 79 degrees.

Is there no environmentally friendly refrigerant out there?

Because you have to imagine that you could have cheap solar panels,

powering AC in a building and have a pretty good business,

sort of like Solar City for AC.

something all across France. It's just odd that the market hasn't like solved that in some

way since I would imagine the demand would be very high but I don't know maybe if you just grow up

without AC you never demand you never long for it. Who knows? Anyway, um, equan you. Air conditioning

was a most important invention for us. Perhaps one of the signal inventions of history.

It changed the nature of civilization by making development possible in the tropics. Without

air conditioning you can only work in the cool early morning hours or at dusk. The first thing I

did upon becoming prime minister was to install air conditioners and buildings where civil service

worked. This was key to public efficiency. People start to struggle indoors once indoor temperatures

exceed 73 degrees. Yeah, 72 is perfect. Sleep efficiency goes down, sleep duration goes down, work

productivity goes down, school learning goes down. Wow. Really, really crazy. Patrick Collison

is chiming in. Also, Patrick Collison funded a cure for the flu. This

is going to be as big as cancer thing. The tech industry really needs to do this right now. Yes,

yes, yes. You need a win that is like broadly understood. Yeah, I think it's Stripe, Open A. Anthropic

and Bill Gates are putting $500 million into funding a new organization called Intercept. Intercept's goal

is to prevent the common cold and the flu and eventually eliminate all respiratory viruses

completely. Incredibly cool project. Incredibly

yeah, just like an incredibly cool, like tangible thing.

I saw a stat that I saw this chart of how many,

it was like, what percentage of weeks are parents sick

with something viral generally as a function of how many kids they have?

And it's like a fast takeoff curve.

So it's like one kid and you're sick,

like 25% of the year you have like some virus in your system,

a cold, like flu, something.

And then as you get to like two, three, four kids,

It ramps to like 50% of the year, you are sick.

And people will feel that if they're like, yes, I'm getting less sick.

It's working.

Yeah, when the podcast, you know, optimizers that struggle to have, you know,

two drinks and continue podcasting, like they are so woefully unprepared for having children.

Fortunately, most podcasters, you know, don't have, they don't tend to go down that path.

of having families.

But if they did, we could potentially see the strategic podcast reserve decline meaningfully just because, you know, if you're sick half of the year.

I remember for some reason it was like, it felt the worst when we first started the show.

and between us we had

I guess we had five kids at the time

blow my nose

and then okay back to the

yeah so with five kids it's like okay

one of the kids is always sick

perpetually and then that means one of us

is either like sick or starting to get sick

and then I just be one we'd be looking across

the table at each other being like I've got

maybe 36 hours until I'm feeling the exact same thing

here's a hack from Tyler he says he has three kids

just sauna every day

24 minutes at 205 degrees. That's some serious sauna.

Wow. Our sauna does not go that high right now. I don't know if I'm putting in 25 minutes. I

I haven't hacked my sauna to be able to go that high. Yeah, you got to overlock it. You do.

Something. I don't know. Yeah. Anyway, I bet this James Bond inspired spec mansion has a sauna in it. It's listing for $85 million,

$1,000 spanning roughly 23,000 feet. Villa Skyfall features a glass-walled auto gallery, a wellness center, and a Himalayan salt room, 95-foot-long pool.

Give me a review. Is this loud opulence? Is this you? Would you ever live here? Would you raise a family here? Or is it too over the top?

It does look like Minecraft a little bit. Real estate developer Aldo Stark is so much of a James Bond fanatic that 007 influences everything from the way he dresses, the cars, he drives.

don't think there's a week in my life, I don't play a James Bond movie. Real cinephile. I like that.

There we go. So it was a fitting that Stark's latest spec project in Delray Beach was inspired by

Skyfall, both the 2012 movie and the fictional spy character's childhood home in Scotland. I seem to

remember in Skyfall, the home in Scotland is not like this at all? Isn't it abandoned? It's like really

dark. It's like a cottage, right? Okay, I don't get that at all. Anyway. Yeah, I mean, amazing

amazing option for a super villain that wants to move to Florida.

It does feel like a super villain.

Pull up an image of the, yeah, any of this feels very, very super villain.

If you were running like a gambling, like children's mind poisoning company, this could be...

The walls and the ceilings are covered with wood, backlit onyx and rare stone or glass.

The house also has a salon inspired by Parisian Cartier boutique and a glass walled auto gallery

and a rainforest-inspired wellness center.

The wellness center sounds cool.

But it's got a lot going, a lot of reflections.

It feels very bright.

I feel like I'd need like sunglasses in here.

Outside, there's a 95-foot-long pool,

waterfalls, fire features,

plus putting green, pickleball, soccer field,

cabanas and botanical gardens.

There's something to see everywhere.

It's quite a sensory overload.

He says this.

I like it.

Okay, I agree with him.

At least he's calling.

He's not trying to lie to everyone.

Design homes.

He runs it with his wife.

I think this might be the kind of space that is actually nicer to be in.

Like, it will feel better in person than in the pictures.

Like, sometimes it's inverted where the pictures look amazing.

And then you show, because they've, you know, the lighting is like perfect.

But with these images, it just feels like.

It feels like.

It feels like.

It feels like this is a house if you're like throwing parties professionally,

your entire world organizizes around like these large dinner parties and celebrations and you have

the New Year's Eve party.

I do love this.

I do love this, this sunken conversation.

There's a lot of conversation.

That's cool.

That's very cool.

If you scroll down to the front, this looks particularly Minecrafty with this waterfall coming out here.

Yeah, look at that photo, Jordy.

That is Minecraft Central.

There we go.

Doesn't that look like Minecraft?

Honestly, I would just, I would, it needs like, it needs way more, uh, like a much bigger waterfall.

Yeah.

Like I want to, I want to see the equivalent of like 20 fire hoses just like shooting water out.

Wait, huge news.

Apple Vision Pro and smart glasses chief is leaving for open AI's hardware division.

This is literally.

This is my Christmas.

This is amazing.

I'm like,

I'm like,

I'm like,

no,

I never really felt

developers ever.

I never really felt like we were in a simulation

until now.

Vision,

Autism Capital is a vision bros right now.

We can't keep getting away with this.

It's so good.

That is very exciting.

Scoop from Mark German.

What a lovely scoop.

Anyway.

It's literally Christmas for John.

Christmas for John.

Malibu Mansion,

seen in the OC and Austin Powers,

asks $90 million.

It's on the

cliff. You're going to tell me this is in Point Doom, nine bedrooms, 20 vehicle garage, and

176 feet of bluff frontage. So explain to me the bluff dynamic because this feels like not,

you're not just going to walk out on the beach. So how do you actually go enjoy the ocean other

than just looking at it? They're like very, very, very close to this is a path that just takes

you down to the beach. Okay. All I will say about this property is every time I'm surfing. Yeah.

below this, I look up and think, damn, that house is not long for this world.

Because it's really like, you can just see that like, you know.

Oh, you think it's going to fall off the cliff or something?

Not really. I mean, clearly there's plenty of backyard.

Yeah.

And it, but, but, but, uh, the erosion does seem.

The erosion is over is.

Yeah, it's more so that you're going to just have to like probably change the backyard.

But then once somebody starts changing it, then like coastal would get involved.

and they would probably make you change it pretty drastically.

But every day you wake up and you're like,

I'm defying mother nature.

I'm challenging God.

And that is empowering in a certain way.

For some people.

Yeah, you wake up thinking like I am Icarus

and I will be flying close to the sun today.

And that's got to be inspiring.

That's a certain vibe.

You wake up in the James Bond house,

you think you're James Bond.

You wake up in this house and you think I'm tempting fate.

And that's inspiring.

You saw the 85-year-old man was a real thing.

arrested after allegedly street racing at over 100 miles per hour in a sports car while smoking a

cigarette cigarette when confronted he reportedly told police he was just having having a little

ride in my favorite car okay what's the charge officer having a little ride my favorite car

that's very good oh man I hope this story is uh true seems a little too good to be true after winning

on Draft Kings, we mentioned earlier. He built a mansion with a bowling alley, Texas home of Michael

Cohen, who won the Millionaire Maker Fantasy Sports Tournament multiple times, has hidden rooms

in a creepy library, according to him. He recalls us. What makes a library creepy? Let's find out.

The first time Michael Cohen won $1 million on sports betting side, Draft Kings in 2015. He's the meme.

He's like, you know, 99% of sports betters quit right before they hit it big. He's the one who

dug until he hit the diamonds. Skill issue. Tell us.

Send this to Sager and Jetty.

It's not all bad.

Luck issue.

Luck issue, that's true.

He hired, okay, so he wins a million dollars in 2015.

He's having a wedding.

He wants some musical talent.

Who does he hire to come play his wedding, Jordy?

Lil Flipp.

Rapper Lil Flib.

Never heard of him?

No.

Big in the Texas scene, I believe.

And then he wins another million dollars in 2017, two years later.

He buys a Tesla Model S.

That's a pretty, like, reasonable thing,

If you win a million bucks, buying a Model S feels like sort of responsible.

I don't know.

It doesn't seem crazy.

But then third win in 2019, stock trader bought 14 acres on a private street in the suburbs of Houston and built a 14,700 square foot home.

What are you laughing?

Techno chief says send this to Sager.

That's gold.

Inspiring.

Inspiring.

Sager.

I don't know.

Sager is going to pretend that this never got public.

I'm going to pretend this.

This is not a real story.

story of gambling gone right.

It's kind of a go big or go home kind of attitude, said Michael, 43.

Let's flip to M8 and keep reading this.

There's some funny quips in here.

He says, he says, he has one million dollars or more in two subsequent draft kings

contest.

He just keeps winning.

It's crazy.

If you are going to have your own street, you might as well have a big-ass theater,

and you might as well have a bowling alley.

This is his quote to the journal.

Before moving in.

Is this some like sneaky content marketing from Draft King?

It seems like, do they have, do they have this guy?

Do they have this guy win like two of these contests that are, you know, what,

what are the odds of winning like two of these random little contests and then going on this

crazy press tour for it?

He won in 2015, 2017, 2019, 2020, 22, and 2024.

He's estimated he's won over six million on Draft Kings over the years.

His approach to sports betting is.

analytical, not emotional.

You know.

I think we actually should send this to Saugger and he should do an investigative deep dive

because it seems like a little too heartwarming to be gambling that long and just winning

on seemingly like random like sweepstakes style things.

Yeah.

Like it's not like he's like if he was playing games of skill, they would have banned him.

It is a game of skill.

It's, wait, no, it's fantasy sports.

That's locked, right?

Or is that skill?

Is that skill?

Is it regulated as a skill game?

I think it is.

I think fantasy sports is regulated as skill.

It's not pure luck.

It's not like...

Do you think that he's so good,

but he loves attention?

And so Draft Kings is like,

keep letting him win

so that he goes on this press tour.

Heartwarming story, local man.

It's potentially true.

Achieves financial freedom

through fantasy sports.

Off the kitchen and living room

is an entertainment wing,

which their designer dubbed

the Dave and Buster's wing.

It has a massive kitchen,

a theater with a room for a 180-inch projector screen

in a two-lane bowling alley.

There's a room with outlets for arcade or vending machines.

The house has an elevator shaft.

Should someone want to add one?

Interesting.

You put in the shaft before you put in the elevator.

Why not just do the elevator?

Apparently home elevators are incredibly dangerous.

It's like a huge source of risk to your health.

Be careful.

Not for this guy.

He does not have block issues.

He has good luck, I guess.

I'll just sometimes make a joke and then somehow it becomes reality.

In the Dave and Buster's wing, there's a bar with a pass-through window that opens to the outdoor pool area.

If you're going to have a party, you're going to have a party, right?

Might as well do it right.

The house has several hidden rooms, including a safe room in the dining room, a hidden door and hallway lead to a room.

Cohen calls a creepy library.

There's actually nothing creepy about it, said the listing agent.

The listing agent is like, hey, can you cool it with the weird lingo?

He has a very expensive treehouse.

You could be drinking cognac out of Waterford Crystal,

smoking cigars on a Chesterfield couch.

Anyway, I don't know.

He said whoever buys the property will be someone local,

potentially an athlete or celebrity.

If someone wanted an even larger home,

they could easily add another 3,000 square feet.

Is he selling the home to put it all on black?

Maybe.

Maybe.

Mr. Beath.

What happened with this?

Is hiring a senior ML AI engineer.

No way.

San Francisco.

Peter Wildford says,

I locked 100 AI researchers in a data center until they solved alignment.

Absolute banger.

That would be a good.

That would potentially be his biggest video.

People talk about the need for new media and tech.

Maybe that's the final boss when Mr. Beast gets into it.

What else is going on?

Less, a much more sad story.

Om. Malik.

From Giggaome. This was

like right around TechCrunch,

the verge. When I got to Silicon Valley,

Giga Ome was like a source of incredible

takes and analysis around

technology and startups,

beloved in the venture community,

and he passed away very sadly.

Houdinke wrote

in loving memory of

Ome, Leak, friend writer, venture

capitalist, and Ever the Believer.

Benjamin Clymer

wrote a really nice piece.

I never had the pleasure of meeting Ome,

but he clearly touched a lot of lives.

Okay.

Let's move over to Figma News.

They're hosting Config 2026.

We couldn't be there because we were traveling,

but there's this crazy launch Figma motion design.

It took this individual four and a half seconds to make this,

and really, really cool for, if you've done motion design, you know how long it takes to hang out and after effects,

even just having a starting point, something to tweak, something to build off of,

who knows if you're going to be able to completely one-shot it or you want to do more and inject your own taste to stand out.

But I thought this was a very, very cool launch and something.

I would love to put to work in adding overlays to our YouTube shorts, something like that could be very, very cool.

There's been a few of these products that are very, very interesting.

Let's pull up this video of Elon telling Lex about being world's first trillionaire.

I know what you're going to post, and this is so silly.

This is the impression.

This is the impression.

Tyler's not in the studio today, so the app is falling apart.

and won't load.

Ridiculous.

Should we skip it?

Yeah, we can skip it.

We can move on to this watch.

It's about that time.

It says Cheapy 13.

This watch would...

Don't you think this watch would actually be cool

if it just told the hour hand and the glass

and the tab moved around in a circle?

Like that would be possible, right?

Anything's possible, John.

I think that's cool.

And then at noon, it's beer clock and you can pop it open.

I was just thinking it was like

It was only good to make the sound once

Just kept it on you

In case you needed to any

Sort of strategic moment

But I think this is a good place to end the show

Yeah, that sounds good

It has been an honor

And a privilege

Yeah, it's been great

And I can't wait for Monday

Five shows

At least

More

Four

We have a day off tomorrow

Or next week

Oh, 4th of July maybe?

Oh, yeah, 4th of July will be off Friday.

We have a light show on Thursday, so we'll be hanging out.

Anyway, leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Sign up for a newsletter at TBPN.com.

And we will see you on Monday.

Have a wonderful weekend.

Goodbye.

We love you.