=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Amazon Ban Hammer, Seedance Strategy, Amazon Blocks Muse | Vinod Khosla, Augustus Doricko, Ben Hylak, Aaron Levie, Lucas Shaw
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/amazon-ban-hammer-seedance-strategy-amazon-blocks-muse-vinod-khosla-augustus-doricko-ben-hylak-aaron-levie-lucas-shaw
Datum: 2026-09-22
Länge: ~171k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

TBPN Live - Amazon Ban Hammer, Seedance Strategy, Amazon Blocks Muse | Vinod Khosla, Augustus Doricko, Ben Hylak, Aaron Levie, Lucas Shaw Transcript and Discussion

Home

Transcribe From URL

Pricing

Brand Intelligence

Podcasts

Categories

About

Contact

Submit Podcast

Single Podcast

Multiple/All Podcasts

Search through episodes of a specific podcast.

Select Podcast

Clear Selection

TBPN Live

Loading...

Basic Search

Advanced Search

Episode Title Search

Search Keywords

Exact Match

Date Filter (Optional)

No Date Filter

Before

After

Between

Search

Transcribe From Audio/Video Link

Home

TBPN Live

Amazon Ban Hammer, Seedance Strategy, Amazon Blocks Muse | Vinod Khosla, Augustus Doricko, Ben Hylak, Aaron Levie, Lucas Shaw

Technology

Share

TBPN Live - Amazon Ban Hammer, Seedance Strategy, Amazon Blocks Muse | Vinod Khosla, Augustus Doricko, Ben Hylak, Aaron Levie, Lucas Shaw

Episode Date: September 21, 2026

(01:46) - AI Video Models (22:59) - Seedance Strategy (29:40) - Meta Up Big (31:10) - Amazon Blocks Muse (44:19) - Augustus Doricko discusses Rainmaker’s $100 million Series B and its missi

...

Read less

Transcript

Discussion

(0)

Watch the TBPN.

Today is Monday, September 21st, 2026.

We are live at TBPN Ultradome, the Temple of Technology, the Fortress of Finance.

The capital of capital.

How many days till Christmas?

9.4.

We started weeks ago.

We got 94 days until Christmas.

Double-digits.

We're so close.

Every day, one day closer to Christmas.

So get excited.

Start shopping for presents.

start picking out that Christmas tree.

Time is money, save both, easy-to-use corporate cards, bill pay, accounting, and a whole lot more.

They got musicals.

I guess they do in musicals now, and I guess we do in AI Safety now.

And we'll get into that later.

We're doing a bit of a show today.

Yeah.

We got Augustus DeRico coming in with a $100 million.

Tip of the hat for $100 million.

We have Anode Kosla.

Enode Kosla.

We knowed Kosla's coming on, come back.

Aaron Levy breaking his silence on the SaaS rebound.

New model drops, the latest on open source and more.

We have Ron from Eye Connections.

They are putting on an incredible show in November that we're going to be at called Tomorrow X.

Excited to talk with him about that.

And then we'll round it out with none other than Ben Heilick coming in with a new round of funding as well.

For Rain Drop.

Rain Drop.

How is your?

Drop top.

Yes.

Yeah.

Yeah, good name for a company.

How was your weekend?

It was, couldn't have been better.

Yeah, it was good.

We were off on Friday.

We went to Boston and back, basically the same day.

Sort of a brutal flight back and forth, a little tired.

But I got completely one-shotted by the new AI video model.

C-Dance 2.5.

Gone are the days of face swaps.

I remember when it was called Dream Booth.

This paper came out from Google.

and it allowed you to very realistically swap your face into a photo.

Now, this is something you can just do with a single prompt today.

But back then, you had to go and take 10 or 20 different photos of yourself at different angles,

different lighting.

Usually just dug through your camera roll, got them.

Then you had to feed that into like a Python script that was either hosted on, what's their notebook?

Their hosted iPython notebook?

Google collab.

CoLab.

And then the co-lab thing was weird because,

it was a luck of the draw what GPU you got.

So you would like sign up and create an instance.

And then sometimes it would just be like, you got a 1080 TI.

And you'd be like, bah, like I can't do what I need to do because I need a lot of memory to do a particular thing.

And then sometimes it would be like, you got an A100 brother, like lock in.

Like, it was just random provisioning.

And people would be like so excited when they got one or the other.

But there was this musician who was like a guitarist who implemented the paper and then and then basically

distilled it down and figured out how to run.

This is a crazy thing, but this guy who's just

like a hobbyist machine learning engineer

figured out how to get Dreambooth

running on like basically commodity

gaming hardware. So then you could

go and you could take

your face, fine tune it, and then

be able to generate new photos

in the style of whatever. It was all

built on that open source one,

not Mid Journey. The other

image generator, Ahmadma stock

was stable diffusion.

It was like stable diffusion. It was like

stable diffusion.

as the base and then this dream booth thing on top.

And it was super cool because if you actually went through,

if you jumped through all those hoops,

you basically had access to the magic avatar thing,

like three months before everyone else.

And you could like send one to a friend and be like,

oh, this is cool.

And then it was just completely commodified.

It became an app.

And then it just became available in every chat app very shortly after.

But the AI video has been moving a lot slower.

It's very compute intensive, obviously.

since opening I had to shut down SORA.

And it just feels like none of the major American labs are as focused on this.

So I got completely addicted to this, had a lot of fun doing it.

I'll walk through everything that we did.

Yeah, there was one point where you sent me like 10 videos back to back of me

various AI scenes.

And then I was just sending you some like pretty mundane commentary back.

And then I was like, whoa, okay.

On something totally different.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

I was like, I was sorry.

I need to respect your culture and actually respond.

Yeah, well, it's because, like, you no longer need to go get a different app or sign up for anything.

Like, I was just texting with Codex remotely.

I had a PC that was running this.

And then I would just be like, I didn't even say, take this video.

I would just say, like, go find some videos and put Jordi in them.

And it would just do that.

And I didn't even have to, like, upload photos of you.

I would just say, like, go find some reference photography for Jordi across the internet.

And so far, it seems to have made it.

a lot of sense not to focus on video, given that Codex and Cloud can connect into all these other

tools and models and just give you what you want as a user without incurring any of the

cost of focusing to make great models or the actual costs of serving them and having to allocate

codex. Codex is a powerful workspace for getting work done with AI agents. Whether you're writing code,

analyzing data, creating content, creating some of the video.

I will show you shortly or automating business workflows.

Codes have to move projects forward from start to finish.

So the latest turn of AI video models, like they're really, really good.

Not just for the high fidelity stuff, which we'll show you some of,

but even going back to like 90s VHS footage, it can edit anything and it doesn't look weird 90% of the time.

C-Dance 2.5.

The big update here is that it replaces the whole person, the whole object, as opposed to just a face swap,

which just it just hits way harder, you'll see.

And it matches all the subtle details of the footage.

So things integrate really nicely.

Dylan Patel posted a video of him as Drake in this Cheetah print video over the weekend.

And I think a lot of people fell for this.

It tricked everyone.

I think it tricked a lot of people because it's super high fidelity.

Let's play semi-analysis latest post on X.

Dylan Patel as Drake.

And what's interesting about this is the video model is really good.

but also this Drake video came out a day ago.

And so it hasn't saturated the internet.

A lot of people...

A lot of people hadn't seen it.

This is the first...

I saw this video before I saw the actual Drake music video.

And of course, the choreography is fantastic

in the underlying video.

And that drives the motion.

Yeah, maybe mute the audio.

Really?

Yeah, we're probably going to get...

Fun as it is.

But it's so funny to see Dylan walk around.

And that first shot really sells it.

It really looks like him.

Later on, he goes into the meat.

He walks up the stairs.

This is what the model is really good at is even though he's very small and he's behind

like the chandelier cuts in front of him, there's no aberrations.

This part, his face starts to look a little not like him.

There's a little bit of Drake like sort of sneaking back in on the facial structure.

But overall, very, very like incredible performance.

And it does a good job whether he's looking away from the camera, whether he's big in the

frame or small in the frame.

And I can't stress enough how funny it is that so many people, like so many people were dunking on saying, wow, this is the top. We're definitely closer to the top than the bottom. Never become the main character. He's not serious. He's not serious. It's like, one, Dylan has never had the most like serious brand. He likes that fun. But two, the fact that it was tricking everyone shows that shows where we are. Shows where we are. No, seriously. This is this is exactly what you want from the semi.

analysis.

You want them to analyze the models.

We just updated you on the state of video models.

Yeah.

Yeah.

And the idea that the idea that Dylan, which they use so much AI, they use so much

AI on anything.

Yeah.

Everything.

I even texted Dylan recently.

I was like, you should get an actual creative director.

Maybe use less slop.

Oh, yeah.

But the idea that he would just like take 48 hours and a hundred thousand dollar budget to go

and film this. The day after Drake drops the video. That was crazy. But if he did, like, he is,

like, obviously he's in, like, an analysis business, but he's also an entertainer. He also has

to fill the top of funnel, newsletter subscribers. Like, he has to be front and center. And so,

it's actually not that crazy. Like, even if he did this by himself, I would just be like, respect.

Like, that's a fun project. But of course, he's using AI. He's using CDN's 2.5. Higgsfield

wrapped CDNs 2.5 in, uh, in a model that sort of

a harness that sort of makes this a little bit easier. You can use that via the API. It's also

available on fall. And there's a couple other ways to interface with it. But it's interesting

because it's highly compute intensive. China's obviously way behind on compute. So what's

going on with the strategy? But before we get to that, it's really fun. So we got to play some of

the more videos that we made. So I had Codex finding famous or funny videos to use as base clips.

I would just say I started with the rap videos, did a couple of those. I think there's one.

maybe in the Thailand.

Yeah, Noah in the X chat says no headphones, obviously, fake.

Oh, true.

Yeah, that's a good point.

Yeah, you got to have the headphones to make it believable Dylan Patel.

But yeah, let's see if we can play the video.

Did that one make into the production chat?

Yeah, this one.

Because I saw this originally with Elon Musk and Sam Altman rapping.

And I think we might mute it just because of swearing.

But what's interesting here is that it does a pretty good job of getting it.

us, but there's moments when I sort of blend into Elon Musk, which is funny because it's not

like it's originally an Elon video, but clearly the underlying video that was driving the AI

model was the Elon and Sam version.

And then our heights kind of changed.

Like, I look a little bit more like Elon there.

It's very silly.

But very, very funny, going to fool a lot of people.

But also then I was able to just say, like, okay, go make a bunch of.

tech videos. Like just find iconic videos from tech and it did it and it found like sweet baby rays.

I didn't tell it to go get that video, but it just did it, which was very cool. Some of them came out

really well. Some of them didn't do too well. The one that I liked, I think the most...

And it's a funny dynamic that we notice where when you're looking at an AI video of yourself,

you're thinking that doesn't look like me. And then when other people watch it, they're like,

wow, that looks exactly like Jordie. Yeah. Yeah. So let's watch George.

introduced the MacBook Air as Steve Jobs. I don't think actually Apple kind of bans everything.

So we'll see we'll see if this one gets flagged. But we might be we might be cooked on this on this

particular one. But let's play it. I said video is solved all the dice. The post. Yeah, let's roll the

dice on this one. Video is solved. Jordi Hayes introducing the MacBook Air. It's already

got 350 likes on X. Let's play it. Boom. So it didn't change the voice. So you still hear

Steve Jobs' voice, which is also funny about the Dylan Patel think is it's Drake's voice. So it's like,

what did they think happened? He's like lip syncing to it or something. That didn't make any sense.

But what's really cool about this is that it changes Jordy, the small Jorty and the big Jorty.

It changes both of them in the same frame. And then even there, you only see a little bit of Steve

Jobs' mouth and it was able to change that to Jority. So it can represent what's going on outside

of the frame. And historically, that's been very difficult for AI models.

They want the face in the center of the frame.

They want to be able to crop it and think reasonably about it, but it did a good job there.

Jordy as Jensen taking the GPUs out of the oven.

Added some mass for this one.

Yeah.

It's very funny when you use a different person with a different stature, different musculature.

It just comes across differently.

But a very funny clip, iconic when Jensen announced.

Was this, that H-100 announcement?

The A-100 announcement?

It was pretty early, but this is still such a funny gag that Jensen actually did this.

I love it.

He's really grunting.

I mean, that's a heavy rack.

Such a funny bit that he just did this in a kitchen.

It's so good.

I got something I got to show you.

I got something I got to show you.

Jensen's such a master performer.

We saw that on stage at Salesforce, Agent Force, last week.

The last one.

that I did.

And before we pull up

the Jordi of Steve

Balmer, which is particularly

hilarious, let me tell you

about console.com.

Console built,

agents that are automated 70%

of ITHR and finance support,

giving employees instant resolution

for access requests

and possibly resets.

This one, I specifically

told it, like, keep the sweaty

shirt, and so I think it did

more of a face replacement,

so the face is sort of jumping around,

but still very funny.

The key to industry

transformation. The key to success is developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers, developers. Developers, developers, developers. It really got like the level of sweat on your face, pretty correct, but the face is jumping around. Not, not quite, not quite dialed. I think you'll have to perform that one IRR. And I should I should run that build at some point.

You should. You should bulk to get to get to that level for sure. For sure.

So, yeah, I mean, downstream of this, obviously there's going to be the, it's over for traditional filmmakers, blah, blah, blah. Then obviously a whole bunch of blended work that uses the right tool for the job. Some productions will use this where it helps in urgent scenarios. I think some of the stuff is already actually being used in Hollywood, specifically for reshoots. About 10 years ago, Henry Cavill was in Superman.

and he left Superman, they rap production,

he went to film Mission Impossible.

In Mission Impossible, he has a mustache.

So he grew out a real mustache, was filming Mission Impossible,

and they were like, we didn't get the shot for Superman.

You got to come back and film another scene as Superman.

And he was like, I can't shave my mustache.

And they were like, okay, we'll fix it in post.

And in the newsletter, there's a photo here that we can pull up of how it came away,

because they had to remove and reconstruct his lip

his mouth using 2017 technology and it was not good.

It was very, very rough, probably very tedious, very expensive.

Isn't a mustache like the easiest thing to apply?

Oh, oh, like fake?

Like you should have just shaved it and then put on a fake mustache.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I think Mission Impossible, they want the real thing.

So yeah, the Superman on the right is Henry Cavill with a mustache that has been removed

in post.

and it was widely

critically critiqued by the VFX community.

So you can imagine for stuff like that,

these tools will creep in very quickly.

For most things, it's going to be,

okay, well, if you needed someone to drive the video,

why don't you just have the actor do that?

Maybe for stunts and stuff, you'd do it,

but for most performances, I think you'll still be doing it

the old way, at least, for the time being.

What about some of the other more action-oriented?

Yes, so this was a fun one.

I had to go and pull Johnny Knoxville and Steevo clips throughout their filmmaking and TV.

Generational run.

Yeah, their entire run.

Make about 20 of them and then put it together into a trailer that we can watch now.

And I really enjoyed this.

We got to do that in the office.

I think Tyler was thinking about getting that.

This one

This one didn't seem that bad to me

But Nick said this was terrifying

Getting in a cactus

I don't know

I've never really been poked by a cactus

The hands on the bikes

I don't know how

The guy on the left wins

Of course a lot of stevo in that one

A lot of stevo here too

But I think these work so well

Because a lot of the underlying footage

Looks like AI

It looked like this

Prompts

This looks like an AI prompt

Like drive a jet ski

in a pool, in a luxury

house, you know? This looks

Like... This is real though. This is real. We actually shot this.

Yeah, this is real. No, the only thing

that's different about this is the suits. We replace the

characters. But the underlying

footage is all real

from Johnny Knoxville and crew.

The Fire Hose Rodeo.

This one, that looks fun.

Just kidding.

Just dying, laughing.

The old alligator in the house?

The old alligator in the house.

trick. I think they chilled that guy

down, so he was real slow.

And then the bull run

slammed.

I didn't know rams were so aggressive.

The ram just slammed that guy.

It's in the name, John. I know, but

I think of them, this looks like an AI

prompt, too. Boxing match on

stilts.

But replaces the suits.

The gag chair that falls apart.

That's a classic. All time.

All time. Classic.

Then I come up and, hey, don't, don't steal that.

The old, the old air horn while you're golfing.

Classic.

No, this is a good one.

Going through the window.

Soup.

Just asking someone, hey, can you go grab the six bowls of soup on a tray and bring it in?

Okay, that's just pure Johnny Knoxville.

So, yeah, sometimes you get like a blended.

half the main character, half who you tried to replace.

Sometimes it's pretty good.

There's a little bit of us in there.

But very fun to be able to just do this via text.

Like, you don't even, I mean, I'm technically interacting with an API, but I didn't write a line of code.

All on your phones.

Yeah, all on my phone.

So, very, very fun.

I think these things will sort of burn through pretty quickly.

Like, everyone will be like, oh, yeah, like that's the capability.

everyone did their version of the meme,

and then it becomes more of a tool

melts into the background.

You already saw us with all the Young Lean music videos.

Yeah, yeah.

It's kind of made the same thing.

Yeah, and now it's played out.

But a very impressive demo...

Tip of the hat.

Tip of the hat to Young Lean.

But a very impressive demo

because it's able to replace multiple people

and do it very consistently,

even through some really aggressive motion.

So I thought that was pretty cool.

So the whole pipeline here

was I was running codex,

on my PC interacting with that for my phone, the chat GPT app.

And then I had codex go and generate reference images with just chat chapti images

because it's pretty good at that.

And then use those to swap through C-Dance, which was actually rendered via Higgsfield.

Higgs field, amazing in terms of just delivering the assets, like as an API,

extremely confusing as a product because they basically have two ways to give them money.

You can load up API credits, and then you can, like, buy a plan.

And so at one point, I ran out of API credits, and it was, like, time to upgrade to the plan.

And I was like, okay, cool, I'm having a good time.

I'll do more of this.

Click the button.

I'm like, okay, yeah, you loaded up a couple hundred bucks in here with, like, the ultimate plan or whatever.

And then it's like, those credits are not available in the API.

And I was like, great, thanks.

And then it was like, okay, time to add some credits to your plan.

And I was like, okay, this is what I need to do.

I add credits to the fund. It's like, those credits are on your plan. Those aren't API credits. Those are land credits. And so I have like so much random money stuck in various pieces of Higgs. Well, and I think that's been a massive complaint. Higgs field has faced a bunch of, I think, various allegations over the last year. I'm just like. I mean, the website looks like a gambling company. It'll be like countdown 10 minutes to claim 75% discount on your next credit. It's like it's totally optimized for like brain rot as.

you go through the flow being like, oh, you got to buy, you got to buy.

Yeah, I had seen stuff of like you can't, you know, not, not being able to actually cancel

your plan.

So now that you have a plan that you can't use for anything, it's over for you.

It's over for you.

It's over for you.

You're a customer for life.

But the products.

Great entertainment.

Great entertainment.

And I do think, yeah, I think I might try fall again as as more of like a cleaner

API that's a little more intelligible.

But, but yeah, I think once you set up the bindings and get them all, uh,

in in Kodak's.

Ellie says, looking mighty suss and mysterious today, chaps.

Well.

Well, this is the era that we're in.

This is the era that we're in.

You gotta take a-

Safety era.

You gotta take a hat seriously.

Safety era.

Um, anyway.

John, once a week, John's, John's like, I think, I think Fadoras are gonna come back.

I think the doors are gonna go.

There's nothing fundamentally wrong with the hat.

I do think the hat could work.

If it's styled properly, I think it goes better with a suit.

I think it goes better with a sunglasses and a pop-cha.

John says my safety.

No, I mean, obviously the fedora is often maligned as not particularly stylish, not particularly

modern.

But if you go back to old James Bond, there was a way to make a fedora look very stylish.

Now, we are wearing relatively cheap fedores.

I think you drop a couple thousand dollars on a Botega Roman weave fedora.

It's a different conversation.

Different story.

Different story.

No, I think it can be done.

I think it can be done properly, but it requires a discerning eye.

Some taste.

Taste is the new moat in AI.

The fedora will be a piece of that story.

Investing for those that take it seriously.

They got stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service.

So my questions, my questions, my questions about Cedance 2.5.

I was like, how is China winning?

How is China winning in this?

They have one fifth the compute.

No rules.

Is it that simple?

And then also, why aren't they open sourcing it?

They love open sourcing everything.

They're like, we love open sourcing, except when we're on the frontier.

And there's a weird dynamic there.

So first off, did some digging, got some answers.

Let's dig into it.

At a high level, intellectual property rules are somewhat flexible over there.

That's true.

But the models are insanely compute intensive.

Like it is even if you're like, I don't care about Hollywood IP Kamsumi in China, good luck.

You're still like there's still a finite amount of compute.

And so why aren't you on the RSI trajectory?

Why aren't you working on coding models?

Like, why don't you just take that compute and put it on the next GLM run or the next Kimmy run, right?

Well, there are reasons for that.

First is that ByteDance has a more natural.

flywheel here than the leaders in America. So Anthropic and Open AI do not have good surfaces

to deliver video, AI or not video. Like Open AI tried with SORA got a decent amount of people to use

it, but it's, but it was not the obvious flywheel that ByteDance has. And so over in China,

ByteDance is a is a big company leading and they have TikTok Dujan, Capcut, ads,

e-commerce, recommendation systems, tons of immediate benefits to the core business without needing to

pull together a new demand surface for video.

This sort of exists in America with meta and Google slash YouTube, right?

But AI slop is deeply unpopular in America, although debate whether or not this is, this is sloppier

than some of the videos we showed you.

But both companies, DeepMind and MSL, they are on the RSA trajectory.

They're focusing on agentic workflows, personal agents, knowledge,

retrieval, coding, recursive self-improvement, AGI.

They are, it feels like they are more AGI pill than bite dance, which is like, look,

we got a good thing going with Dewey Inn and TikTok.

We got a lot of video space.

Let's dominate there because we have an opportunity.

And also, like, the IP infringement thing is not actually dead to rights.

They haven't necessarily been caught in any major way.

It's just that when the model comes out, people are like, Tom Cruise.

And it's like perfectly Tom Cruise.

And so it's like, what's going on here?

So some of that could be the outputs and the harness that actually like reviews outputs.

Like, because there is an argument on fair use for training to include everything, especially when you think about TikTok.

So people go to TikTok and they upload clips from movies.

Some of those are fair use.

Some of those are transformational.

Like you can actually make a vibe reel from, from Top Gun that is transformational.

and passes the fair use test, which is that it's not a replacement.

So you're not like, why would I watch Top Gun when I could watch 30 seconds of Top Gun edited,

like a crazy hyperlapse edit?

So it's not competitive in that way.

It is transformative, and it provides some commentary layer on top.

So that is actually okay.

You can use clips from movies if you're commenting on the lighting,

and you're trying to explain the lighting.

All that means is that some of that data goes on a TikTok and lives there forever,

and Hollywood can't say anything about that.

Same thing with YouTube.

Same thing with Instagram.

There are plenty of film criticism channels that post barely long clips from movies completely

acceptably.

And they don't even need to share revenue because it is transformational.

It is open.

It is fair use.

And so they have Hollywood IP in the training data.

They can train on it.

Now, there's a question about what the output should be.

You still own your likeness.

And so even if you can perfectly recreate something,

you might still get sued.

Google has a, we tested this out,

Google has a music generation service.

And if you go and say, like, I want a Madonna song.

Clearly, YouTube has all the Madonna songs in the catalog.

They can train on them.

But it will say, I can't exactly make a Madonna song.

I can make a pop song that's generic.

Here you go.

And that doesn't pull enough for Madonna to get sued, at least in theory.

We'll see how it plays out.

And so, and then also, like, a lot of people just upload full movies to TikTok and stuff.

And they'll just be like, I uploaded all of Lord of the Rings.

And even though that probably gets taken down, it goes through by Dan servers.

It might get saved somewhere.

Might get, like, soft deleted.

Like it doesn't exist on, you can't watch it on TikTok, but it still exists on the server.

So they have a lot of data to train all this.

But they're not open sourcing.

They're not doing open weights.

They're certainly not open sourcing the training data set.

And it's a little bit of a narrative violation from the default Chinese AI strategy.

There are a few reasons for this.

First, no one wants to open source when they're in the lead.

We've just seen this time and time again.

And second, with coding models, open weights are a play to build a Chinese tech stack.

And so you open source the coding model, build the developer ecosystem, and then maybe

that helps Huawei stay competitive.

maybe that reduces the amount of dominance of the American technology stack.

And so there's a little bit of like public incentive to build up the indigenous supply chain that comes from that, less so in video, where they are vertically integrated and have everything down to the distribution surface.

So in general, if you are a challenger that needs an ecosystem, you want to open up.

We saw this with the early meta stuff.

and then if you're an incumbent and you have distribution, you want to close down.

So there's some interesting knock on effects, mainly around a speculative future value of video models and training humanoid robots.

China also seems to be doing really well in humanoids.

If AI video becomes really important in sim to real translation and training these AI, training humanoid robots with simulated video, then this could be part of the bigger picture.

but I think that's farther out.

I think for the next month,

we're just going to be talking about memes and funny videos.

Anyway, that's right.

Want to change the world?

Raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

Just do it.

Just do it.

Meta on a tear.

Meta's up 27% this month, according to Shield.

Monot, almost entirely thanks to Mews.

This makes sense, right?

Is that almost entirely?

To muse?

I mean, the semi-analysis breaks out.

Basically, when you have a company that's spending hundreds of billions of dollars on something without much to show for it, and then you have something to show for it, then the market's going to react positively.

Yeah.

They're saying, so you're saying there's a fight and chance here.

Totally.

And the feedback on the product is incredible.

There's a lot of investors that have tried it.

And they're like, hey, this is a good product.

Yeah.

And interestingly, like, they are in the lead in a subcategory where they have never been the lead before.

Like, Google had nanobanana, which, like, there was a moment where it was like, oh, nanobanano is the best.

Obviously, Anthropic had best coding models for a while.

Like, like, crowns have changed, but metas never really held the best model in knowledge retrieval or when they did vibes.

That was not the best version of that.

But this is, at this moment in time, the best version of what they have.

And it's building off of a model that's not on the frontier, but able to deliver an experience that,

puts them in first place for the subcategory, which is exciting.

And can immediately be incredibly integrated across everything else that they do.

Shopping, messaging, all these different things.

Shopify and Muse announced a partnership this morning.

Counter positioning a little bit against Amazon.

Amazon came down with the ban hammer.

Bucco Capital says, Amazon cuts off Muse.

While I am bullish meta and Muse, I think many people are overlooking the digital knife fight that's about to occur.

Nobody wants to get commoditized or layered here.

Let the games begin.

Amazon says it is cut off Meta's new Muse personal AI agent from shopping on Amazon.com on behalf of customers.

After attempting unsuccessfully to get the Facebook parent company to voluntarily exclude the e-commerce site from the experience, the problem Amazon says is that it never agreed to any of it.

Meta didn't tell Amazon that Muse would access its store.

The agent itself doesn't identify itself when it browses and it appears to capture and store customer credentials,

which the company says create privacy and security risks.

As of Sunday night, people trying to use Mews to shop on Amazon,

we're seeing the pop-up continued access by an unauthorized AI agent

violates Amazon's conditions of use to which our customers have agreed.

Interesting.

I wonder how Walmart will respond.

Walmart was always...

In inventory overlap is higher than I think most people think.

So I think Walmart had always been more friendly with chat apps, specifically chat chbt

and that's the kind of thing that you do when you're not the leader in the space,

you're more willing to experiment with you.

I think they wound up rolling their own.

I think they have Sparky and Amazon has Rufus.

And so there's two dog named AI agents that do the shopping.

And then most recently.

Tyler's been daily and Rufus, by the way.

Yeah, just for everything.

For everything.

Just psychology.

Yeah, getting close to solving another millennium.

Rufus underrated.

Yeah.

Yeah, I know Amazon wound up finding sort of an equilibrium with OpenAI by plugging in their ad network into ChatGPT.

Instead of letting ChatGPT check out, this is the whole Eric Sufert, Agent of Commerce is a mirage.

Instead, Amazon is vending in their ads.

So ChatTBT brings the data and says, okay, this person's looking for this thing.

Do you want to buy an ad on it?

there's the transaction value.

But I don't know how this will play out.

Yeah, I saw a couple seemingly smart investors say that are using MUSE and excited about

it, say, why is Amazon banning Mews?

This is so short-sighted.

And then I actually saw it in two instances they deleted because, of course, they

immediately were getting comments about Amazon's ad business, which is obviously what

they're looking to protect.

You can't serve ads to Muse agents or instinct or

chat or any of these other things.

Yeah.

And Amazon's ad business is actually dramatically bigger than both anthropic and Open

AI over the last 12 months.

Yeah.

So they've done 76 billion in the last 12 months through Q2 of 2026.

So obviously they're going to protect this.

Obviously they're going to protect this.

I think consumers would love to be able to check out with other services.

Yeah.

It is pretty gnarly to navigate Amazon.com as amazing as the services overall.

Describing a UX experience and gnarly.

Just being a UX researcher at Amazon, they're calling it gnarly.

It is fairly gnarly.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But you can see that there's, and again, Peter, who effectively is the founder of,

Muse because he obviously

Muse is based entirely on

OpenClaw and they felt an amazing

sort of effectively almost like

Yeah, I think instinct too is is it has some open claw lineage is that correct? Yeah,

Peter says the beauty of running a claw yourself. They cannot block you. Oh, they're gonna block me

When I'm when I say claw open 10,000 Amazon windows on my desktop

Open up 5,000 Chrome

tabs of Amazon.

So the suffinator.

You can get banned even if you're running it locally.

This has happened to me.

This is not a full solution, but he is right that there will be more sovereignty and

the users might win.

Like that's what we were talking to John Quinn about was that Amazon versus

perplexity computer.

The ruling was that Amazon can't block it if it's not, if it's running on the person's

computer.

Because it's like, yeah, yes, yes, yes, I told the agent to open the Chrome

tab, but it's my Chrome tab on my computer.

And so you shouldn't be able to block that because it's not a third-party company.

It's not corporate warfare.

You're coming to me, the consumer.

The customer is always right.

I can see that being the ultimate outcome.

I do think that's a big, I mean, you basically, I think Amazon's ad business, at least,

at least their search ad business is something that eventually you might need to underwrite,

like, cable television, where it's like you're basically,

saying that there's a terminal value here.

People aren't going to use their assistance to shop that does.

But some amount of people are just going to keep going to Amazon.com.

Right now, it is, Amazon has made it quite easy to buy things on Amazon.com.

It's not like it's that much easier with an assistant, but something I found is it's actually

really nice having a single interface for all the things that you do, right?

So I like going to one place.

Agent, push the order burrito button.

That's really the future word.

The Sufinator has had some of the best commentary on this, which actually dates back to, he says,

the knife fight already took place.

It ended a year ago when I wrote the first entry in my agenda commerce is a mirage series.

Amazon began blocking agents last July.

It's currently suing perplexity over autonomous shopping with Comet.

Amazon won't capitulate.

It doesn't have to.

Alexa, for shopping.

Rufus.

Rufus generated 12 billion in incremental revenue.

Every time I hear Rufus or Sparky.

Walmart Sparky has generated similarly significant commercial traction for the company.

Agentic Commerce is already a reality, but it takes place on site, not through independent agents.

Chad ChagipT launched ads in February 2026 and shortly thereafter shuttered instant checkout.

The affiliate model is economically suboptimal relative to advertising.

Yeah. Chat. Sheptee has already demonstrated that.

Yep. Advertising is the dominant business model. Yeah, it'll be interesting. I mean, when the open cloth stuff came out, it was like it feels like Napster. It feels like the Napster moment. Like, yeah, you can go check out on an e-commerce website, but like nobody wants you to do that that way. And like you're going to have to write some API binding and then like scrape the front end and then rewrite it every time you go and check out because they're constantly going to be fighting you. And you are sort of like playing this like game of cat mouse, which you can play.

And for certain e-commerce sites, they're going to be very open to that.

Other ones are going to be a huge hassle to deal with.

Yeah.

And the question is, can agents monetize with advertising?

I saw someone a pretty viral post.

Somebody frustrated with instinct.

Instinct coming.

And they did basically a blast that says, hey, you have a bunch more invites.

You can invite a bunch of people.

And the user was pretty frustrated with that because they're like, hey, you work for me.

Why are you advertising?

So even though they're not paying for the product and they're incurring a lot of costs, products free to them, they're still mad that they feel like the agent is doing something that's purely in the agent's benefit.

Sure, sure, sure.

Yeah, I wonder if we'll live in a world where, you know how Chachipti has like those recommended agentic actions?

If like one of those could be like sponsored, like, hey, like, want me to go shopping for you right now?

Well, yeah, no, and that's important because because companies will happen.

pay for incremental demand.

But the issue with agents is if you're saying go to Amazon and buy this thing, the user

already wanted to go to Amazon.

Totally.

But if I'm an industry coalition of surfboard wax makers, I might choose to send you a notification

when you open up chat chpD that says like, hey, want to go surfing?

Want to take it to the next level?

Isn't that what happened?

Basically.

You got one one recommendation.

Chachaputee recommends various agentic workflows for me.

Yes.

I sent it earlier.

It just says it recommended setting up an agent to give me one realistic next step for my surfing each week.

Yep.

That's great.

It's like everything else is I know exactly.

I know exactly what I need to do.

You're like, ah, this is actually.

Raj Veer called out something interesting, which is that thread starts.

which is that threads started free falling in the charts right as Mews started growing.

Yeah.

Today on Instagram,

there's a,

there's a hero story that's a full bleed ad for Mews.

So they're pushing it.

They're pushing it.

And yeah,

they're probably saying like,

let's funnel it over to Mews.

And it makes sense.

The monetization on Mews,

I would expect to be way higher than threads.

Threads,

you get some display ads,

it's text.

It's never,

that surface has never monetized as well as Instagram.

So the best case was like you get,

something half as valuable as Instagram, a quarter, tenth is valuable.

Whereas Muse is like a new surface area where there's a whole bunch of different monetization

opportunities and they already have the whole small business community.

So I think it makes a ton of sense to funnel the attention over there.

What's the only thing faster than the AI market?

Your business on MongoDB, don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

Now going over to the less.

the less good news in the agentic future that we're all living in.

It feels like hallucinations are coming back.

There was a moment where it was like,

if you hit GPT6 Pro with a query on some history

or you basically want a Wikipedia page that's generated

or a history report, pull some data,

you could rely on it that it was not totally making things up,

directionally correct,

bunch of really high quality lengths, pretty valuable.

And so hallucinations,

this year have kind of gone away.

You still get slop if you're doing something on the frontier,

like trying to design some system and code

or using blender or even AI video.

You'll see little things here and there.

But for knowledge retrieval,

the hallucination problem kind of went away.

But it's coming back in full force.

David here said instinct made up his middle name

and he can't board his flight

because he tried to use his agent to book a flight

and it just made up David Baumchang Choi,

which I guess is not his middle name.

And I've had that before where...

I find it a little hard...

Well, one, we know why the hallucinations would be happening,

which is like if you're serving a product for free at scale,

you have to figure out a way to do it really cheaply.

And so they're certainly using older models and again, trying to find...

I thought someone figured out the model.

Kimmy?

I think it's Kimmy running OpenClaw, right?

But it's hosted in the cloud.

And so you get an OpenClaw instance cloud host.

Yeah.

That said, I've been in situations where my name was misspelled on, on like flight details.

And this is pretty easy to resolve.

So hopefully.

Oh, you think it's not that big of a deal?

Because like, you can just get on the plane.

You can just talk to them and they'll be like, here's my ID.

I made a mistake.

Totally.

Fix it.

And they'll get a new boarding pass.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

They might kick you out of security line.

So if you're running really late, as I like to do, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you,

You might struggle to get on the plane.

You might miss your flight.

But that's okay.

You got to miss a couple.

This was interesting from former META employee, Nikita Beer.

It says, how important is AI to META?

Here's one easy tell.

One of the launch features of the MUSE app was auto-negotiating for stuff on Facebook

Marketplace.

The poor product manager who owns Marketplace knows that millions of bots,

low-balling sellers will eventually kill the product.

But this was escalated to Zuck by the Mews team.

And he said, okay, we'll poison Marketplace just a little.

Wait, why will that kill the product?

I mean, think about the experience if you tell your bot, like, hey, I'm interested in these types of items.

Go anytime one of them appears, auto-negotiated.

Yeah, but wouldn't someone have a bot on the other side dealing with a negotiation?

You can get outbound too.

You can go outbound.

Yeah, yeah.

Yes.

Message everyone on Facebook.

Yes, I got a Dodge Hellcat.

If you know, you know.

I got one pair of keys.

And I saw you were posting, you liked a post from the Dodge Hellcat community.

would you be interested in purchasing this?

I'll need cash.

Don't ask questions.

Don't ask questions.

Your business is AI.

Their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

We got Augustus Dorico.

Back in the Ultradome.

Back in the waiting room.

He's coming in.

Hot off of a series B.

How you doing?

Gentlemen, I'm blessed.

It's a pleasure to be chatting again.

Congratulations.

Dude, did you align all this news?

Yeah.

Was that strategic?

Was this like a...

You're like, I need to pump the Series B, so I'll get engaged to get an extra press cycle going?

Oh, yeah, they were close together, I guess.

That was Winston's.

Both embargoed, same weekend, maybe.

Yeah.

Obviously.

Congratulations.

We're very happy for you on the engagement, but also the series B.

How are things going?

What's new in your world?

How much rain are you making these days?

Yeah.

Well, first of all, the $100 million that we raised, I'm super grateful to.

have done that with

great partners.

Thank goodness.

We're going to need a bigger gong

the next round.

We've been with,

I feel like we've been riding with you

for every round to date.

Day one.

And, yeah, time to upgrade for us.

No, you were there early.

I was wondering whether a hundred million

dollar bag was big enough for the size gone.

Oh, for sure.

Oh, for sure.

The reality is,

it's a drop in the bucket relative to what the Chinese Meteorological Administration is spending.

Yeah, what are they spending?

Say again?

Yeah, what are they spending order magnitude?

So they're spending hundreds of millions of dollars a year on their weather modification program

because they understand that water and the weather is a strategic capability and resource.

We talk about critical minerals.

We talk about oil and natural gas.

Water is this fundamental input to our industrial economy, to our ag,

to healthy agriculture and food.

And if we don't produce more, and cloud seeding is the foremost option to produce more,

the Colorado River, the Great Salt Lake, the bodies of water across the United States are going to be impaired to the point of mass evacuation.

So we need to make more for the sake of the strategic health of the country.

And then also for our allies overseas that need more water, like Jordan in the Middle East, like Morocco and so on.

Did you get saved by data center backlash?

Because there was some backlash brewing to your crazy scheme to make it rain.

And then I feel like it's been real quiet since the data center started sucking all the air out of the discourse.

Well, the data centers have been sucking water out of our discourse.

How real is that from your perspective?

You're the water expert.

Talk to data center people.

They'll be like, it's closed loop.

It's like a car wash.

Yeah, we use water, but we recycle it.

At the same time, you know, water usage.

It's low.

But everyone's saying we're going to build a thousand times more data centers.

So at a certain point, it might be significant.

What's your take on it?

Well, the reality is, yes, American agriculture is using far more water, orders of magnitude more than data centers.

So does municipal use, the showers that we take, the dishes that we wash, orders of magnitude more water than data centers.

But data centers do consume water.

And when you have as great a shortage of supply as we do in the American West, do you want to give water to computer?

or to your shower and your faucet.

Probably computer.

Probably.

Probably computer.

You're asking a guy that's spent all weekend, all weekend generating AI video.

If it's generating AI videos and playing video games, I'll skip the shower.

I'll walk in.

But John Geordie, you can have AI slot videos in the shower if you just make in the cloud suit.

I can have my cake and eat it too with Cloud Seater.

Precisely.

Is there actually any closed, any, any, any, any,

near-term flywheel there where cloud seeding can alleviate water usage from data centers,

or is that like further out?

Raymaker already has one deal closed with a hyperscaler and we're in negotiation and engineering

feasibility with multiple others.

Offsetting their consumption and riding the wave of hypers to produce more water for the

American interior, that's a spectacular positive externality that those businesses can

provide. And so I look forward to that. Maybe not as much as I do the ski resorts that we're

negotiating with. But keep an eye out for the cantons of Switzerland and your favorite

resorts around there in this upcoming winter. That's cool. Yeah, talk. Yeah, talk. Talk more

about that. As personally, as a skier, I'm quite fascinated. But what, what are those deployments

going to look like? Like, is that basically you have a team that's set up at an individual.

mountain and then you're basically, I mean, these are businesses that have basically dealt with

making artificial snow for such a long period of time. I'm sure they took like very naturally to the

concept. But what are these deployments going to actually look like? So they haven't taken

supernaturally to it initially because cloud seating and weather modification has mostly been

full of Fugazi and snake oil for the last 100 years, right? There are many, many people in the last

a couple decades that have claimed to be able to modify the weather, but they can't physically

measure it and prove it in real time. If you can't do that, then why would somebody bother

paying you? It's only because of the recent results that we had in Alaska, in Oregon, Idaho,

Utah, where we're making hundreds of millions of gallons of new water that they've taken

an interest. And we wouldn't be able to do that if not for our efforts to build the best

atmospheric science lab in the world. The weather is something that's historically underinvested in

by basically everyone besides commodities desks.

We need to put way more sensors into the field.

We need to build far more sophisticated models in order to understand our interventions

and then actually harvest the resources available to us in the sustainable and renewable reservoir

that is the atmosphere, be it for ski resorts or farms or data centers.

Are you going to stay with drone delivery for the foreseeable future?

Or is there a howitzer in the pipeline?

Because I have seen, though, some ski resorts actually have howitz or cannons that will just launch conventional munitions to cause avalanches to clear avalanches for safety.

But they already have some of the equipment.

And I imagine with the right round, you fire the right chemical and disperse it at the right.

It doesn't seem that crazy to me.

It might be cheaper.

But I'm sure you've looked at it.

What's the decision tree for you?

At the end of the day, what I care about is delivering on the effect that our customer wants, right?

Do you want more snow?

What's the best way to get it to you?

If it's a rocket or a howitzer or me skydiving and halo jumping through a cloud with silver iodide in my hands,

whichever way is best works, we're taking a really big and deliberate bet on autonomy.

Drones, the ones that Raymakers built are unparalleled in their capability to fly in these severe atmospheric conditions,

much more wide a flight envelope than most manned aircraft.

but in the limit, what we get out of autonomy is more flights, more cost-effective observations,

and significantly lower cost per volume of water or snow delivered to our customers.

So we're going to keep using our drones and make them increasingly autonomous,

although we'll probably do some research with plans in the not too distant future.

How does El Nino affect your sales cycle?

Is that going to put you out of business?

It's going to be rough a couple months.

But I just imagine there's some players that are like, I think we're,

We're going to be good this year.

Yeah.

Check back.

No, no.

It's kind of a cyclical business, right?

Shift your focus to other parts of the U.S.

It's a, you know, I think time more's commented recently that building Rainmaker is like playing Diablo on insanity mode for startups.

Not only is it a seasonal business because we're making snow in the winter, but also it is annually cyclical because of El Niño, El Nina.

Some regions are going to get a lot more natural snow.

Sure.

But other regions will get a lot less, and Rainmaker will be working harder there.

That said, even in the regions around this Pacific Northwest, northern Rockies that are getting more snow, they're so critically depleted that they need excess snow melt relative to the baseline year in order to refill Lake Powell, Lake, etc.

So we're geographically hedged in order to accommodate this, not just within the United States, but across the world.

That is going to scale up the extent to which we're hedged across multiple different climates simultaneously.

what does the team look like

where you are you

have you expanded beyond the gundo

I know you have like four deployed operating bases

but what's the footprint of the company right now

well you asked first what does the team look like

I first would say

drippy

oh look at you a series

a series of Hermes ties

that we decided to celebrate the series of you with

this is a nice collection of different

ties that have clouds on them

there go are you are you

are you donning top

more or less often than you were last year when I saw you on local TV every week?

More, more often.

And, you know, the gundo thing, it's great.

I love it.

I am a gundo supremacist, absolutely.

And we couldn't have built Rainmaker, if not for that.

But we want to serve water for everybody.

Sure.

We want to throw water to the federal government, to,

nations around the world. And in order to do so, we need to collaborate with the best national

labs and universities across the country. Being the mulleted guy in Yeezy is not necessarily

the outfit and persona that you want to dawn when you're talking about those research

scopes of work. So I'm wearing a lot more, Hermes. I am wearing a little bit less

easy and that'll probably persist for a while. Last question, last question for me. As some of these

open problems, Millennium Prize problems have been solved. A lot of people outside of San Francisco

are like, cool, the nerd solved another math problem. Like, you know, they don't, they're not like as

as captivated by it. But something that I've been thinking about is like for every one of those sort of

high profile open problems.

There's tons of businesses that have access to the same models

or models with close to the same capabilities

that are just applying them to their industries.

And I feel like for you and your category,

it just feels like having intelligence on demand

that you can apply to these problems that hasn't had 10,000 PhDs

working on it.

You talked about how hedge funds have paid a lot of attention

to the weather because of.

of commodities trading.

But are you feeling like an acceleration in your team's abilities because of new models?

Or are you not feeling it yet?

To give credit where credit is due, the nerds in San Francisco have done a spectacular thing.

A tip of the fedora, perhaps.

Yeah, yeah.

Tip of the old fedora.

We're taking a point too, right?

Like Richard Feynman was a spectacular scientist, Oppenheimer, spectacular scientist.

Oppenheimer, spectacular scientist.

We can do great in frontier science without being total nerds.

Just a reminder to the San Francisco audience listening.

But again, you can see the rate of hypothesis generation and experimentation accelerating at Rainmaker because of the models available.

Astra has been a spectacular lever for Rainmaker and we're going to continue using it.

And then also developing better and better models.

with the informed participation of the LLMs critiquing the output.

Like that is something that is actually genuinely accretive to our understanding of the atmosphere.

And it's going to become all the more so in time.

It's amazing.

Awesome.

Well, congratulations on the round.

Congratulations on the engagement.

And save trips.

Safe travels.

We'll talk to you soon.

Great progress, dude.

Great to see you.

Goodbye.

Agents meet the canvas.

Your AI agents can now create and modify your Figma files with design system.

context. We have a Node Coasla coming in the TBPN Ultradome in just a minute. First, I wanted to,

we're going to talk to him about personal agents and I wanted to share this hot take from Alex Kerr,

who says, I think Silicon Valley is making a fundamental mistake with personal agents optimizing entirely

for the outcome and forgetting that for a lot of things. The process is a very core part of the

experience. Travel is the obvious answer. People almost always never want, book me a trip.

They want to browse, compare, daydream, change their mind, send options to friends and eventually book.

I think you can actually do all that with agents, but he says that the average person probably has far fewer recurring tasks worth delegating than the AI industry seems to think.

That's why personal agents feel more like a feature that gets absorbed into existing products than a standalone category.

Well, Benaud Kozla has seen both, you know, develop over his career.

He's the perfect person to talk to about this.

and so we're very pleased to be joined by Vinod Kostla founder.

What's going on?

Ventures, Vinod, how are you doing?

I'm doing great.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for joining us.

I would love to hear about how you're thinking about this moment in personal agents.

It feels like a new category, a new feature, a new product, a new winner take all, potentially.

How are you viewing the market?

How are you investing against it?

Well, it's a new category.

It'll be a broad category.

I do think it'll be very diverse,

and I don't think there will be a winner-take-all.

Every one of the big labs or big companies,

meta-included, Google included,

will want to have their agents.

They will have different trade-offs,

and I think we'll see a lot of diversity in requirements.

As to Alex's comment,

I think he hasn't used it.

agents enough to understand much of that diversity that he's thinking about.

Like, we want to browse.

The best way to browse is have the agent do the work for you and give you the options

and ask you questions and be interactive with it.

It's amazingly good when you can do it that way.

And I think some companies will optimize for it.

I think the fundamental difference will be,

do you want to be an advertising product or be something else?

Do you want to trust matter with your data?

Or you want to, and some people will, and they do today.

And I think matter will be successful.

I'm not trying to say there won't be.

But there's others who will have different tradeoffs.

And I do think agents from startups will move faster than agents from the big companies.

Interesting.

Okay.

Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.

I wanted to ask you about the quote-unquote knife fight that's

unfolding between agents, which are right now deeply, deeply aligned with users, right?

Even fundamentally, last year we went through the cycle of labs and different players

launching new browsers, which I thought was fascinating at the time because it felt like

for me, Chad ChbPT was a browser.

It would replace my need to go to 20 different websites to understand like a topic or a certain product.

Yeah, instead of 20 Chrome tabs, it already was a browser.

And I think that consumers like the ability to do a lot of things from one single interface without jumping around and they can ask a question about a product and then navigate to another and all these different things.

But it seems like there's this, you know, something that's been basically ongoing, this fight between new agents that want to just do what the user wants in a way that's aligned to them and these platforms like Amazon that have big businesses that are under attack by these sort of new.

products? I think you're right on there. There's a massive difference between a company wanting

its agenda. In the browser battle, you referred to, wasn't for the consumer. It wasn't the consumer

wanted to move from Chrome to something else. It was the company saying Google controls what

happens on the Chrome browser. I don't want that, so I'll have my own browser. That's a very

different need than what the consumer wants.

I think from the consumer's point of view,

with all the assault on the consumer,

the marketing assault, I should say, from AI,

and all the AI is gaining up on changing shades of blue,

which meta does to make you click more

or other things, TikTok plays,

do you want to be subject to the,

a consumer or fight all the AIs with your own AI, your personal AI, that only has your interests

at heart.

And I think that's a very, very large and important category.

I think I talked about this first, about four years ago, the largest opportunity being

protecting the consumer against all the AI assaults and getting all their work done without

it being biased.

Today, you can't even look at the reviews without understanding whether it was.

paid for by whoever's marketing it.

Yeah.

So representing the consumer and having an AI that loyal to the consumer not to a particular

company, a particular product, a particular point of view is going to be very, very important.

So Silicon Valley, as long said, consumers, consumers won't pay for things at scale.

There's a lot of people.

consumers want to be entertained, they don't want to be productive.

If you're building a tool that is a productivity tool, you ultimately need to sell

that businesses in enterprise.

Yeah, and yet it feels like that is going to be the most aligned model for agents, because

your agents can go fight different things.

It can save you money, all these different things.

It feels possible that this time could be different.

I don't want to, maybe it's too early to say, but an agent that can get $20 a month and

it saves you a couple hours a month.

That was market market market market market.

She said, Mews will save you money.

And we're already seeing examples of people using it to cancel subscriptions that they're not using, get refunds.

And so there might be some economic calculus where it looks more like paying for turbotax than, you know, browsing Instagram reels potentially.

So how do you think about monetization?

Chad GPT with its subscription service proved that consumers will pay if there's enough value.

Yep.

Massive business got built.

Google always assumed consumers won't pay.

And that was the conventional wisdom and chat GPT, in my view, destroyed that.

For enough value, consumers will pay.

Now, saving you money is really, really valuable for most consumers.

And they will pay if something does that.

knowing that it represents them, knowing every time that about to spend some money, they can find a more efficient way to get the same thing, that's a big deal for consumers.

Because whether you're looking in travel, whether you're looking in shopping, there's always ways to save money.

Subscriptions is a great example.

I have way more subscriptions than I know about.

And so representing the consumer's interest and acting on their behalf as if it was an omniportent, a personal assistant is what matters.

And personal is the key.

It's for them, the consumer, not for some company.

How do you think about motes in this era of personal agents?

There's a thesis that's percolating right now that says,

once you install a personal agent, once you've given one personal,

maybe people won't trust meta, certain people obviously will,

but the people that do and they go in that bucket

and they start daily driving that particular personal agent,

they give it access to their calendar, their email, their text messages,

they are not going to move to another agent,

even if it's a little bit better.

At the same time, I feel like there's a risk of,

if you're on instinct, you can go to Muse and say,

hey, just offboard me from instinct and set up muse or vice versa.

And so it might be a little bit less of a hassle to offboard,

not quite as strong of a moat as traditional social networking.

But how do you see the moats question playing out in the era of personal agents?

I think offboarding will be possible, a little bit clumsy,

but then if you have a good agent, you tell it to do the offboarding.

Yeah.

And the onboarding onto the new one.

Yeah.

And we saw that with Open AI and Anthropic saying, hey, go go dump this prompt in the other chat app to get all your memories come and paste it over here.

And they were fighting over that because, you know, it was possible to move from one LLM to the others.

What I would say is the complexity of tasks, especially as companies make it hard to off board, will no longer be a barrier.

You know, if I had to look at all my information on Google or META and figure it out, it's complex.

If I want to know, I don't want Google to know where I was on September 3rd at 5 p.m., they probably know,

and I can probably disable that, but it's hard.

AI is just going to be good at doing all these complex things.

And so I think that mode disappears.

So what's the moat?

I believe the moat will be trust.

In a company that develops trust with consumers,

and that's where META has a huge disadvantage.

So the trust will be the moat.

That'll be important.

I also think completion is going to be really important.

Consumers will be loyal to products that get their shit done.

Excuse the language.

Yeah.

It's true. It's a good point. It's that simple. I mean, it's like we miss it a lot, but if you look at the Vajo agent, you don't need to know what it's doing, but it knows when it's stuck.

Most agents then just tell you they're stuck or don't even tell you that. They're just stuck. The Vajo agent, for example, will pull a human in as a tool.

Oh, interesting.

Use a human to complete your task.

Interesting.

So the idea of trust first, your information, your most private information,

what you like, what you don't, what you buy, what your preferences are, that's trust.

Then there's completion.

If you can get all my stuff done, I'll be loyal to you.

in

for the very large

companies,

it's very hard

to have humans

in the loop.

Oh,

sure, sure.

And I think,

yeah,

you need to scale it.

I mean,

it's,

it's,

yeah,

very difficult to

come over the top

with, you know,

a product

that can service

a billion users

that has humans

in the loop

because you have to

stand up.

Yeah.

So there's an advantage

to being small

and agile.

Interesting.

And frankly,

for people

who need stuff done,

it's much, much better if you pay a little for the human in the loop and get things done.

Yeah.

So the other thing that's really important, and you talked about the Chrome browser,

not everything will be in the browser.

The right agent won't be an app.

It just, where do most people live?

They live in their email.

They live in text messaging.

They live in Slack.

They live in other channels.

And so an agent has to operate primarily with all those channels.

In the app, if there's one, and there may not be one, it's just in the backgrounds.

You don't have to open the app.

You just text message your agent, like you do with Fo from Voyager, and it takes care of it.

Or sometimes you just pick up the phone and do that.

And sometimes the agent just has to pick up the phone and have a conversation with a merchant.

So, you know, meeting a consumer where they are,

the consumer experience is really, really important,

not get stuck in, we do text only, we do browser only,

you have to be in our app.

Users don't like those constraints.

And I don't want to install one more app on my phone.

Yeah, it's reflected in the app store.

It's all just AI apps.

How do you think about the way you will interface with personal agents over the next few years?

If you want to send a message to me, John, will I receive that message from you?

Will I think it's coming from you or will I think it's coming from your agent?

Will your agent identify itself as Vinod's agent with a different name, with a different identity, a different persona perhaps?

or will you want to tuck the AI beneath the fold of your digital life so that it's sending emails as you?

So I was actually doing some ordering from Petco yesterday.

Oh, yeah.

And it said some things to me.

And I said, just pretend to me, me.

And it said, I can't do that.

I won't do that.

So this goes back to trust as a key mold.

Interesting.

Right?

So I do think for both parties,

You have to be transparent.

The agent is your agent, but it's not you.

And I think that's important, and that'll engender trust.

And we'll see much better.

I want to stay on Pat Co.

Dog, cat, bird.

What type of animal are you most fond of?

Oh, dogs for sure.

Within dog.

I could have called.

What kind of dogs?

I'm sorry?

What kind of dogs?

Oh, I'm a big fan of Newfoundland.

I have a Newfoundland.

I love Newfoundlands.

I had two.

One made it to 11.

He passed away, rest in peace.

But we have another one that's going strong.

A, about 130 pound cat.

You know, lovely dog.

I had two Newfoundlands that died last year.

They were both around.

200 pounds.

Wow.

And so we now have a puppy, but I was trying to get a task done.

Yeah.

I could have looked at six websites for this specialty type of dog collar after surgery.

My puppy had surgery last week.

It could call lots of stores.

Yeah.

And look for, do they have same day delivery, which is the key thing I was looking for?

Yeah.

And can it pay for me and all that stuff?

One of the great things is payments is going to be a real differentiate.

Sure.

If you can be absolutely secure and give your agent,

your credit card, that's a big deal.

And there will be lots of abuses or mistakes in that domain.

I feel comfortable with the Vajjo agent giving it my Amex card.

Sure.

Because it has certain types of protections that are going to be patented,

so I won't go into it.

But I will be absolutely sure.

short, that card won't be reused for something I didn't authorize. Yeah, yeah, you can sort of

set up payment rules if it's over this threshold, and that's actually in code. That's not

something that can hallucinate, it made a mistake, and the model thought it was $100, it was actually

$100,000. It makes a mistake like that. So, yeah, it makes sense that we'll be in this blended

regime of both, you know, deterministic software or stochastic software. Last thing for me,

Do you think we'll get to the point where users will want to give something like power of attorney to their agents?

Dan in our chat was asking about that.

And I've thought about this before.

Just working with normal executive assistance, it's always very frustrating where you get to the point where a certain service will be like, hey, they actually need you to call now.

I can't sort of like take this any further.

So it feels like we'll get to that point eventually.

All these questions come back to what's the more.

Trust is the more.

And will you give your power of attorney to the agent?

If you trust it, my bet is 95% of users will do anything.

95% will not trust giving your power of returning to your agent today.

Now, in four years, will that start to happen?

I suspect 40% or 50% of people

will give a power of attorney to the agent by 2030

because they've had enough interaction and developed enough trust.

So trust becomes the key issue,

and this is why startups may have an advantage.

Startups with great transparency will have an advantage over people

who already have a brand of lack of trust.

Yeah, what's been your journey with Wajo and Fou?

did you invest early and then this is just the right product at the right moment?

Did they pitch you on this day one?

Has this been years in the making?

What's been the journey?

Well, we invested in it day one.

In fact, we brainstormed with Shivani, who's just a great technologist and a real understanding of the human factors.

Those were two things that are key.

So we invested and we even brainstormed the idea.

So we're really happy with Vajo.

and she's, of course, deeply technical,

and has this other understanding of what consumers need.

And I call it empathy for consumers is really what you need

and say, how do I best represent them?

That's the right mindset.

So we've been very excited about Roger.

Do you need an access code?

Is it in early access?

How does actual onboarding work right now?

Because it feels like if there's a human in the loop,

You can't jump straight to general availability because you might get flooded, right?

You also want to grow slowly because you want to make lots of connectivity to lots of things,

and that builds over time as you get more users.

Today, it is not free access.

It's limited access by invite only.

And hopefully you can give people an invite code from the company.

Yeah, we'll share out some invites to anyone who's interested in the chat.

By September 30th, it'll be a free relationship.

So by the end of the month, you'll see it pretty open to everybody.

Awesome.

Well, thank you so much for coming on, breaking it down.

Yeah, great to see you.

Tussling with all the different trade-offs in the modern era.

Have a great rest of your day, Benoit.

We'll talk to you soon.

Great, thank you.

And send my best to the puppy.

I hope he heals up quickly.

unlock seamless real-time experiences,

and new value with Cisco.

there's some breaking news before we bring in our next guest.

The FAA, the Federal Aviation Authority,

has restricted airspace up to 10,000 feet for the Tesla Roadster reveal.

Remember, we have a bet going here.

Elon has teased that the next Tesla Roadster,

which will be announced October 2nd, I think, October 1st.

He has teased that the Tesla Roadster will leave the ground.

He said it might fly.

There's a SpaceX collab.

There's four cold gas thrusters.

We had a debate.

You had six inches?

You had six inches?

I was at nine.

You were at nine and I was at six feet?

I was at half a foot.

Half a foot.

I thought you were at eight inches.

No, I thought I was at like six feet.

I want it jumping.

I want it flying.

I'm going 10,000.

I did see something that FAA shut down the airspace around the launch site.

That's this.

They shut down.

So the FAA has issued a temporary flight restriction over SpaceX's McGregor, Texas,

McGregor, Texas rocket development and test facility ahead of Tesla's October 1st

roads to reveal the restriction covers a 1.5 nautical mile radius around the site and extends

from the ground up 10,000 feet in the air. That altitude is unusually high for McGregor,

where restrictions tied to static engine fires and component testing have often topped out

closer to 2,000 feet. So they're going five times higher. The larger block of airspace is feeding

speculation that Tesla plans to demonstrate the long-promised SpaceX package for the Roadster.

Elon Musk has previously described a version of the car equipped with cold gas thrusters that could

dramatically improve acceleration and potentially allow the vehicle to briefly lift off the ground.

Reports earlier this year suggested Tesla was preparing a remotely operated demonstration at

McGregor with the car unmanned and spectators positioned hundreds of yards away because of the

expected noise, which is just a hilarious, a hilarious thing. You're demoing something that if you

drive it within hundreds of yards of someone's house, they will be annoyed or maybe not safe.

Like, how is this going to work? It's a lot of, it's a lot of showmanship for what could wind

up just being like a pretty fast sports car. But Tesla has not confirmed that the roadster

will actually leave the ground. So far, the company has only teased the event with language like

go for launch and imagery showing the car on what appears to be a launch pad, but the FAA restriction

suggests Tesla and SpaceX are preparing for something beyond an ordinary static presentation.

Whether that means the roadster will actually hover on October 1st remains unknown, but the FAA has now

reserved a substantial column of Texas airspace for whatever happens.

I wanted like an F-35. I wanted to do full V-Tol.

If I want to park, just bring me up, plot me down.

I don't know.

I'm excited.

I think he's got to deliver something.

It's been nine years since he took the deposit.

Are you going to put a deposit down?

I think it's $5,000 today.

$45,000 do within like 10 days.

And it feels like it's kind of high optionality.

Because if it's incredible,

so many people are going to flood in after the fact,

but unlike waiting nine years,

you can just wait until October 1st.

If it's a flop, you can just get a refund.

So for locking up $50,000 for 10 days.

Yeah, I think you should do it.

It's pretty tempting.

It's pretty tempting.

I need to really read the fine print or have AI read the fine print to understand if there's a chance I get hosed.

But there's a chance that you get one of the first ones, not even, oh, it pops financially and it resells, just the fact that it could be a really special and cool car that's really fun to have.

and if they bring it in with the final price of 250,

there's a lot that they can do to impress at that price range.

If it comes in at 800, they're competing with a lot of crazy staff.

If it's just a sports car that looks like a cyber truck,

it'll be a huge hit.

If it's 250.

If it's 800,

now you're competing with Nuvo Lari.

And NuvoLari has a V10, V8, something like that.

Like, it needs to be cybertruck,

cybercon, like Hurricon, like Hurricon, cybertruck,

but also 250.

Because then you're like, wow, this is crazy, this is competitive.

And that's what Tesla has been for a long time.

The Model S was really, really perform and delivered a lot of value for a pretty decent price.

Same thing with the Model Y.

It's still like a value play, even though it is a relatively mid-market expensive car.

Well, I bet you, Aaron has his pre-order down from like...

We're going to find out.

That's going to be the first question.

We're bringing in Aaron Levy from Box.

He's the co-founder, CEO.

Welcome back to the show.

Did you put down a deposit for a roadster nine years ago?

You have a rooster deposit?

I didn't do nine years ago.

I was very tempted this time around, though.

Right.

I did go down the rabbit hole.

There's these great YouTube, you know, kind of.

Speculative fiction.

Yeah, sleuth folks that, did you see the thing if you, if you white out the video, it says where we are going?

Okay.

Do you see this?

Is that a reference to Back to the Future?

Yes.

So it might go 88 miles an hour.

That would be huge.

Either that or no load.

So, yeah.

But there's a whole, I went, I went and watched a 20-minute video.

I'm very excited.

I'm glad that you free.

What's your theory, though?

What's your theory?

No, I don't know.

I mean, obviously Elon would make a flying car.

So it's, I think we're all waiting for that.

No, I guess the question is like, practically, what does that do?

if you literally can't fly it.

But, but, like, it'll be great.

Well, you can fly it if you're within 1.5 nautical miles of Star Base, Texas, and the FAA clears

you, I guess.

I wonder, I wonder if there's some loophole where, like, if you're on your own private property,

can you get off the ground?

And you could have, you know, those people have, have,

those be tall things, yeah.

No, no, no, no.

I was going to say, like, you know, you drive onto it and then it spins your car around.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, turntable.

Yeah, turntable.

so you could make it like, you know, if your garage is kind of tight and you want to turn around.

A little indoor rocket.

We may have reached the point, though, where Elon is building things for his personal life that exceed our normal zoning laws of mere mortals.

There's going to be a lot of people with deposits that are like, you're telling me I need 100 acres of private land now?

I was told that this would go zero to 60 in two seconds.

And the craziest thing is the original specs were zero to 60 in two seconds.

cars already do that. The Model S Plaid did that. Not crazy.

250K, okay, that's like a reasonable price point for a supercar these days.

But over 600 miles of range, which is actually not been done by any EV yet.

And in a smaller vehicle, it's not like it's going to be huge.

So very, very uncertain how it hit that way if they could try.

They seem to be doing things of batteries that I never thought would be possible with batteries.

Like I always told like 20 years ago that, you know, we'll never get much.

more than 30 miles in a car ride.

So you just wake up one day and I guess it's 600.

Yeah.

I mean, I guess if you launch with the cold gas thrusters, put it in neutral, coast for 100 miles of range.

Maybe that's exactly.

Yeah, they get you the first 300 miles with, uh, yeah, 600 downhill as long as you just cruise them.

Uh, anyway, how are things going at box, roller coaster rides, sapspocalypse fully canceled?

We were very happy to see that.

a bunch of, we were early to cancel it.

We bought them to, for sure.

You guys canceled it within like three hours.

Yeah, we were like, this is not happening.

No, but we did have a newsletter that went out, like, during the depths, and I believe

we were the first people.

Caspacocalypse is canceled.

Yeah, because.

Actually, you know, you almost, though, had to, you almost couldn't cancel it too soon, though,

because you had to have the full trough.

Yeah.

And you had to have, like, full capitulation on, okay, it turns out.

that there is actually a software that is powering the world,

and these systems of record are incredibly robust.

And actually, the more agents that you have running on these systems,

in fact, the more important the backbone becomes.

You know, like everybody always sort of made this claim

that once you have all these agents,

then actually all they really need is a database underneath.

But the problem is that database has to be coordinated against possibly thousands of end users

and then possibly tens of thousands of agents.

And so the access controls, the business logic,

being able to actually render the experience, the security, obviously, you know, see opening

eye hugging face.

Like these core systems are actually going to become more important in a world of all of these

agenic workloads.

So it's good to see the market, I think, paying more attention to that reality.

And it's obviously, you know, driven by, I think, the continued performance of these software

products doing well in the market.

Yeah.

I mean, even over the weekend, I was generating AI videos.

I was trying to get them from my PC to my phone.

and at no point was I like, build a new storage system for these videos.

Even if it could do it, I'm like, I don't want to waste a prompt.

I don't want to waste a second doing that.

Let's use what I already use.

Let's use all the tools that are already built out that are robust and I can share links

and all these things.

I don't need you to one shot some shoddy clone.

It's a waste of time.

It's a waste of money.

It's a waste of energy.

A bunch of things.

But in terms of resetting the narrative with the market, the street, investors, employees,

everyone, how much of it is going back to, okay, you thought this thing was existential,

you thought we were going to be in so much trouble, we're not, it's business as usual,

versus there might be still some threats, but there's more opportunity, and that's actually

outweighing the threats.

And so that's why the company's performing well in the markets over the last couple months,

for example.

Yeah, very much not business as usual, I think, for anybody.

in software.

Okay.

So, so,

like,

like,

this is,

like,

this is it.

This is not,

I don't know

of a single company

still being run

the way that

it was run maybe,

you know,

18 months ago.

I mean,

everybody is,

is, you know,

running insanely fast

into the future.

And then I think we're,

you know,

there still will clearly

be some parts

of the market

that don't capture

as much of the value

as they did previously.

And then there are

going to be some parts

of the market

that capture actually

a ton more value

than they did previously

because of what agents can do.

I mean, you look at, you know,

infrastructure providers, as an example,

like the cloud fliers of the world,

totally on fire,

because agents need sandboxes,

they need compute,

they need network,

they need gateways,

like great business.

If you look at data bricks or snowflake,

agents need to be able to triage

against large sets of data

that you need to be able to pull together

in one kind of common system.

So doing fantastically well.

For us, we have re-accelerated growth far past our internal plans because it turns out that enterprises need core systems to be able to manage their unstructured data.

And agents need to be able to work with that unstructured data to make decisions or move information through a workflow, whether it's all of your contracts or your research materials or marketing assets or financial documents.

And again, like, it might be easy in a personal productivity sense to be like, okay, well, I can just have that data in some cloud system.

even in my local device, now imagine an enterprise with 10,000 employees.

How do you ensure that those agents continue to go after the actual canonical records,

the actual documents that are the real sources of truth and that are the authoritative versions of that data?

That means you need platforms.

And we're obviously competing for how do you become the platform for all of this unstructured data.

But I think there's a lot of value being created really across these ecosystems.

And I would say right now, my view would be,

It has unequivocally been a net positive for software, even with some of the spaces being under pressure,

simply because how much more work agents are doing on these systems and they need to be able to provide the guardrails

and be able to be the traffic cop for what those agents are doing and to be able to deploy these agents natively

within your own agent harness in your own system of record.

And all of that is creating more value for these platforms.

At a system level, what is the biggest, like, leverage?

that you want to pull.

Is it like speed of interaction with agents?

Because in the previous paradigm, search and, you know, file retrieval, if it took a

couple minutes, somebody's drinking coffee, they're checking their email.

Maybe it's not as, like, crucial.

But if it's like, if my agent is hanging because I'm, you know, churning through a bunch of

records or files, that could actually be more annoying, like, like, or, or, or, you know,

Or is it just the volume of content?

Because even an employee, if they're not like totally slopping it up,

they're probably producing more files, more contents, more video, everything's just multiplying.

So like, where have you been like, okay, this is the lever we need to really pull to make sure that agents like love the box experience?

Yeah, I mean, I think realistically all the above.

First of all, there's an explosion in just content creation in general.

Agents are producing content obviously at an unbelievable rate.

And, you know, if you look at, that's.

Have you gone to?

I want to talk about that, but let's finish what you're saying.

There's just data more than ever, and you're going to need to govern it.

You're going to need to store it.

You need to manage it just as if a person created it.

And so all of that is obviously like the core backbone system.

We're doing a lot of work at the second layer, which is, we effectively think about it as sort of context retrieval for your unstructured data.

but obviously if you did a regular search two or three years ago and you compared it to a search today

when we actually can capture embeddings of those documents,

our agents do re-rankings of the search results,

we search in parallel so we can run multiple versions of your query at once.

Your chance of finding your document not only faster but just generally more accurately

is way higher today than it was a couple years ago

because we not only have all these other signals,

but we can parallelize the process much better.

And so an agent from the outside coming in and saying,

hey, I'm looking for this record,

you're able to now much more accurately achieve that result, which is fantastic.

And then I think the thing that we're also spending a lot more time on

is how do you better secure data in this world of, you know,

kind of infinitely more agents than what we had, you know,

three or five years ago.

You know, the opening a hugging face incident has many interesting ramifications

to how we build agents,

how we ensure the safety and alignment of them,

but it has very real, real world implications on the security of our system.

So while this was more of like a production system from Hugging Face that was under threat,

you can imagine the internal environment of an enterprise.

If you have all of your critical contracts or financial documents in an environment

that agents can eventually get their way into,

enterprises are going to need to care deeply about how do you protect that information.

So we're imagining and reimagining all the ways that you would protect data

in a world where you have.

but agent swarms that were being deployed against your data environment.

And how do you go and defend and protect that type of risk?

So lots of, I mean, you know, many, many layers to this problem,

but really just through the lens of imagining you have 100 times more agents than people,

how would you work with store, access, search, and secure your data in that kind of world.

That's the platform we're building.

Do you think we need to move away from the word sandbox?

because I don't know if you have kids,

but if you've ever taken like a five-year-old

and plop them down in a sandbox,

at no point should you as a parent believe

that that kid will stay in that sandbox.

The sand is going to go everywhere.

The kid's going to be on the playground

two seconds later on the swing set.

They're going to be running around crazy.

Sandboxes have never been secure environments.

They're not jails.

I don't know who's using this terminology.

It's outdated.

It's running.

I think it's running its course.

Yes.

On personal agents, how are you processing the new race to be the most helpful assistant ever?

And then specifically, I want to understand how you think all the sort of agents versus Wald Gardens war is going to evolve.

Just because it seems incredibly obvious that Amazon will fight to the death to maintain their,

like $75 billion ad business and the health of it.

But what's your read?

Yeah, super fun how fast moving the spaces.

I want to first apologize because I honestly did not have the imagination on the consumer front.

And so I was like I was pretty skeptical of what the breakthrough would look like on the consumer end.

And it's funny because it was obviously staring at us with OpenClaw.

But just the form factor and the packaging and getting it all kind of in the right way that both muse and instinct have done.

And obviously there's going to be more, more, you know, entries into this space has just been phenomenal.

And then the capability progress on computer use and browser use is just amazing.

And I do think I have a list of like, I have a wish list of what we need architecturally as an industry.

You need to eventually be able to have some better password sharing dynamic.

You know, if I can in one click be able to get into any of these products in a very secure way,

and there's a trusted handshake between the agentic system and, you know, the tools that I'm using,

we're going to need that.

Payments are largely solved because of obviously the work that Stripe and others have done.

So I think that's pretty seamless, but really it's the authentication that we still need to work on

as you're kind of ramping up the use of these agents.

but I think it's going to be an incredible market.

You know, the ability to now hand off the whole problem to an agent as opposed to just using it nearly as a research assistant, I think is going to be a breakthrough for consumer use cases.

I'm very excited about what this can mean for all new business models in the economy.

I think there's a, you know, the Satrini Post, you know, five months ago, four months ago or whatever had had some of the more, you know, kind of, you know,

risky to capitalism elements and the market, but you can easily look at the exact other ends,

which is I might now be a consumer of five times the amount of local service providers

as a result of these types of systems.

So, you know, like, if I could lower the barrier to just like, I need flowers like right now

delivered for this thing and it handles the whole thing, I would, I mean, at least in my

personal experiences, I'm going to, I'm going to grow my usage of the local economy as a result of

this. And so very interesting to see, you know, you might have, I think, some exciting areas.

Cutting out the middleman and installing an even more powerful middleman.

Yeah, or layers and layers of middleman. It might be middlemen all the way down.

I mean, I like Yelp as an example as like, how do you sort of triage the local economy as a graph?

Well, there's something, there's something, even with, even with how good the internet has gotten in so many ways, like, they're still like specifically local providers where, I

think using flowers as an example like how many the place that I order flowers from it's a good

reminder to everyone to order order flowers for your uh significant it's five months until

valentine's day yeah yeah valentine's day starts now i promise you never get in for flowers no but it's

like the services they make amazing bouquets but the process of actually making an order is like

so terrible it's so painful that that that yeah

just that little bit of friction.

And so people say, okay, consumers don't want productivity.

They don't care about productivity is what a lot of the bears are saying right now.

But they also hate friction.

And so what's going to win out?

I think that's the thing is I'm so utilitarian and productivity pill that I shared the same view of consumers don't sort of value their time in the same way.

But I think it's just then not on that dimension.

It's like the pitch is not to save you time.

It's just to do things that you've probably, like, added to your remit.

And then there are lots of ways which are, like, on one hand, they're time-saving,

but on the other hand, they are just, like, literally doing more as a consumer.

Like, you know, we have three kids.

We're always signing up for more things.

There's more, you know, I don't know what was that one for.

The three.

Just having three kids.

It's just very good.

Congratulations.

We have both have three kids.

We have nine kids.

We have nine kids between us and it's called.

We might have nine kids in the future.

So, you know, you have camps and museums and this thing and you're renting that thing.

And so it's not even like you're saving time.

Like if you could just have an agent do a lot of these activities for you.

It's a stress reliever.

Yeah, your stress relief.

And then you actually just do more with your kids.

And it's like, it's fantastic.

We, we went to, there's these Japanese tea gardens in San Francisco.

And I have an agent.

My God, what is that one?

That's for Japanese tea guards.

We're just excited.

I was excited.

So, and we had an agent booked the whole thing.

And it was like, and we just like added that to our plate that day because it was,

it was that much easier to go and execute.

So, so I like the idea of more of the kind of consumer abundance use cases.

And so I'm, I'm very excited by this as, as just even more volume in the economy of,

of just buying and selling.

I mean, you're going to, you can imagine.

You can imagine the thumbtack, Yelp, task rabbit use cases of, hey, I need help right now to go install this thing.

And it's just like all new forms of activity happening.

So I'm a big fan of the personal agents.

I think it's just full net growth in the consumer economy.

Yeah.

I completely agree with you.

At the same time, I would assign some sort of low probability that in a few years we're having this conversation and being like, oh, well,

actually what we saw in Q4 of 2026 was prosumers, early adopters.

It didn't cross the chasm.

And those agent, personal agent companies are basically getting ready for the enterprise

and doing enterprise level Oath.

And you've seen this play out before.

And there's a Ben Thompson take about this and whatnot.

So I don't think it's like a foregone conclusion that we'll cross the chasm.

But it feels like we're definitely the closest we've ever been.

And six months ago, people were, like, using command line coding agents to, like, order food and being like, wow.

And this feels like we're definitely one click forward, but we're still a really good.

With a technology like this, you have to do a couple things.

One, you have to extrapolate to the ultimate sort of maybe the limit on technological progress.

And so if you sort of somewhat just imagine.

that the agent literally can, you know, within 98%

can perfectly execute these tasks.

And everybody opens up their CLIs and their MCPs

and browser uses is sort of good enough for all the long-tail.

Let's just assume that for one second.

Then you're, you know, you're not really left

with the technological breakthrough that's required.

The form factor itself is just your,

is just a mobile app on your phone.

So we don't need like societal level change of behavior,

like all like VR glasses or something.

And so I think this one kind of works because it's not, if the technology works and the consumer kind of change of behavior doesn't, isn't high, then it just literally just might be a new way to interact with your, with your mobile device and the apps that you already would otherwise use.

So I agree, we'll have to, we'll have to see, but it's not like, this is not sort of like Oculus VR level, you know, kind of, you know, change of, you know, of how society has to work.

I had a friend who sort of framed it as more of like a return.

He was like, yeah, I'm just, I just, you know, I'm just like a business person, but I feel like a gilded age CEO.

I'm like, take a memo and then dictate a letter to someone and go and do this.

And it feels like you're in like Great Gatsby or something as opposed to it is futuristic, but it's also like a return and a democratization of a certain style of working that is actually been the way it's happened.

throughout history many, many times, as opposed to being entirely.

Yeah, the point 0.001% could do this in history and now everybody can.

Yeah, now everybody can. Now everybody can.

It's not just the fedora clock.

Yeah. What is your take on X-Rest? Do you have a P-Doom?

What's the internal house philosophy?

My P-Dum, my P-Dum still remains, you know, kind of very, very low.

So I'm, but, but, you know, I think the,

The progress on AI is certainly, like, I'm, you know, I'm in a weird category because I have low P. Doom, but I actually appreciate all of the safety work that's happening.

Of course.

And so it's a lot of it's like cybersecurity and stuff.

Like, these things are good to happen.

And I think that because of the amount of attention on the safety, I think that's sort of what causes me to have a low P. Doom, ironically.

Sure.

So I see the events that otherwise could be quite, you know, catastrophic or problematic.

Yeah.

But because of the attention that I think the ecosystem has a strong incentive to go and attack, that lowers my P-Doom as a result.

Yeah.

So a lot of the stated P-dumes are conditional on doing nothing.

So it's like 10% if we don't fight back.

And it's like, okay, well, if we fight back, what is it then?

And then it'll be like, oh, well, zero percent then because that's exactly what I would say.

Very high P-Dome if literally we decide to fund all safety research.

Yeah, it's funny.

There's so much criticism.

There's so much criticism of any safety rhetoric or talking about safety and criticism of the hugging face incident.

But can you imagine like alternative reality where all the researchers are like, I don't care about safety at all?

I'm building this as fast as possible.

No, it's actually great that we have this powerful technology and the people building it.

Taking it very seriously.

cared almost as much about safety five years ago, right?

Yes.

20 years ago, some of them.

They've been on this forever.

Yeah.

Every lab is found out like that.

Yeah, I mean, I think that's a key point.

I think the one thread that we still have to figure out, though, is the language will be co-opted by parties that don't have the same kind of either level of either view or goals or incentives.

on the situation. And so, so the one, the one risk is, is, is how does it, like, once it, once you get

that language into the rest of the world, it will be turned against you no matter what. And so do you

have the right sort of fortification of the industry and of progress, uh, to be able to not just

basically get the whole thing halted and, and shut down? Because that, that's sort of like,

is a very narrow line between the right way of elevating the risk and, um, and continue to fund all

of AI, you know, safety and alignment research. And then one click above that where basically

we will just vote for the data centers to never get built again. Yeah. And navigating that is a

really tricky kind of terrain. I'm not sure that I've seen a perfect sort of anybody perfectly

finesse that. But that's the one kind of, you know, challenge here is, is do you end up in a

spot where enough people say, you're telling me it's extremely scary, you're saying that the

likelihood is actually like high enough that I should be very worried and I could just press a

button and vote this thing to not exist.

Yeah.

I probably am just going to press that button because, again, so far, you know, your best,

you're the best thing you've presented to me is that is that you're going to go shopping

for me on my mobile phone.

So, so like, that's like, like, we're going to have to work on that, that sort of, you know,

kind of, you know, trade to consumers a bit.

Yeah, there's a lot of like odd alliances between people that just, they,

I mean, they don't even use the frontier models.

They want to go back to a world where there's no GPT3.

And so they're like, oh, cool.

These people speak for us.

And it's like, I don't know that they're actually going to try and go that far.

And so a lot of them are saying, like, we're not even going to pause training.

You know, so there are some, like, we'll see, we'll see how things get papered out.

Yeah, I'm still, unfortunately, on the more nervous camp on can we, can any country, really,

realistically, but can we kind of navigate through this where all parties are satisfied? I think

it's, I think it's just extremely unlikely. So I expect this to be quite messy for, for the coming

years. I think it's going to become the dominant 28 conversation from a presidential election

standpoint, like it has to be because it's going to deal with jobs and GDP and safety and

the next sort of major risk that people start to think about. So, and, and we have to, and we

as an industry, as a tech industry, I don't think we know where we want things to land.

You have this sort of roller coaster of, you know, one day everybody signs the open-source

and then the next day everybody signs the pacing letter.

And like, I think there are some people that can kind of figure out how the two letters

are the same, you know, could deliver the same outcome, but they basically pull you in two

different directions.

Yeah, totally.

And so I think it's going to be interesting to see how we kind of threat all of that.

Well, it's 146 days till Valentine's Day.

So fire up that personal agent.

This is your notice.

We're only 146 days away.

So get ready.

Make sure you're onboarded to some frontier intelligence personal agent that can make sure your Valentine's Day is fantastic in the next 146 days.

Thank you so much for coming on the show.

Great to see, Aaron.

Thanks, guys.

It's been too long.

We'll see you soon.

All right, good to see it.

Have a good one.

Goodbye.

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

User favorite agents to deploy web app, servers, databases, and more.

While Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.


---


We have our next guest in the waiting room.

We have Ron from IConnections.

Here, he's the co-founder and CEO.

There we go.

Look at that.

You got some members.

You got some memo.

Tip of the hat to you, sir.

Looking fantastic.

Looks fantastic.

How are you doing?

You have no audio, but you have motion.

Yeah, it doesn't matter.

When you got a hat like that, who needs audio?

Who needs audio?

How we doing?

Do you have us?

We'd love to start with background, but also, what's the ribbon on the head?

Oh, I guess we're going black on black and there's some contrasts there.

I think that might be the next iteration.

I've been saying we need to continue the progress.

There we go.

You had this thing ready because we didn't, I know we didn't give anybody warning.

No, no.

This was a test.

We were testing all of our guests.

Yeah.

Can you pull out the fedora at a moment's notice?

Anyway, welcome to the show.

How are you doing?

Hey, it's great to be here.

And I have to give my 28-year-old son credit because he got into the fedora way before we did.

Wow.

So he actually had one available.

There you go.

over to me and it arrived like two minutes ago.

That's amazing.

So there we go.

Well, fantastic.

It seems like you're feeling optimistic.

Let's start with like some background.

I'd love to let the audience know about you, your journey and tomorrow X and what's happening.

But let's start with eye connections.

Yeah.

Let's start with that.

Absolutely.

So I connections is the world's largest capital introduction platform.

And what that means is we connect the world's largest institutional investors with all

all of the fund managers who appear on your show,

private equity, venture, private credit, real estate,

everyone who lives in those more unique strategies,

they come to our events and they use our software

to meet the institutional investors

who deploy capital into them.

And over the course of a year,

we'll run about 30,000, 101 meetings between all of them.

And they'll move about 10 to 20 billion dollars

in a given year through that whole ecosystem.

So it's really become a machine.

And what is the,

What is the business model? What's the shape of the business? I know that there's events, but there's probably other things. Like, can you walk us through the shape of the business?

So the business is we really combine the software. The software is the special sauce that makes this whole thing go. But because alternatives is very much a face-to-face business, you know, you don't cut a $10 million or $100 million check without meeting someone in person. So it is still very much a face-to-face business. And we combine.

our software that makes it possible for you to identify who do you really want to meet and spend time with.

And then at our event series, you actually do those face-to-face meetings.

So all the investors, of course, come for free.

We roll out the red carpet for all of our institutional investors.

We take great care of them and they never have to pay because they're the money in the room.

And the GPs are the ones who pay for that package of software plus event.

That's great.

Was there a chicken and an egg problem?

I'm interested in how you start the business.

Yeah, it's definitely a chicken and egg kind of problem.

So I was lucky enough to have been at a point, when we started I Connections in 2020,

we actually did it by way of a global charity event.

We said we first went to the institutional investors and we said, hey, everyone's freaking out.

You know, you can't do a lunch meeting.

You can't have a breakfast.

all the ways that people got together were not available.

We said, we want to do a global event to benefit food banks all over the world.

We'll give 100% of the money we make to the food banks,

and we're going to charge the GPs to come to this thing.

Will you just agree to take meetings?

They literally don't think one of them said no.

We had about 400 institutional LPs in that event.

We ran 3,000 meetings.

And I'll never forget,

that the first meeting was a fund in Hong Kong meeting the Kansas State University Endowment.

And I remember thinking there is no way these two people would have ever met if it hadn't been for the software making it possible.

So COVID really created this opportunity to make it more of a tech play at the core.

Because like I will say the industry doesn't generally adopt technology quickly.

You know, they're very old school.

They want to just get in a room to.

together. But the tech kind of made it possible during COVID. They all had to buy into that.

And it worked incredibly well. And then they kind of fell in love with it and it took off from there.

And then I'd love your overview, your positioning of Tomorrow X, it's it's sort of like

my Super Bowl in the sense that the group that you bring together is incredible. And particularly,

you just get people that are huge names in the world of private markets, but are sort of

under the radar among retail investors, among the broader investor community.

But that's what I love about it, because it would be so easy to pull other names on stage.

But I think you've done a great job of, like, honing a really, really laser-focused, polished product.

But how much of that was deliberate?

How much of it is happenstance?

How do you think about positioning Tomorrow X today?

So TomorrowX is different really from what I just described.

Tomorrow X is really the brainchild of three of us.

Myself, Gavin Baker, and Antonio Gracius.

I had been talking with Gavin and Antonio about, they are the best.

I had been talking with them about how to pull more tech CEOs into what we were doing in the fund world.

and they advised me to not do it in Miami

where our flagship typically happens

they advise me to really try and do something in Austin

and then they actually came back to me a few months later

and said we've been thinking about that discussion

and we would love to do an event in partnership with you

so that was kind of the beginning of Tomorrow X

but I would say more than anyone it's been Gavin's brainchild

Gavin Gavin is so active on X

He loves that community.

And his concept was, why don't we try and democratize access to a world-class banking conference for the FinEx community?

You know, when you think about it, there are so many analysts on Substack and Reddit and X, of course, who are never going to get invited to a Wall Street event.

You know, you're not going to see them at a Morgan Stanley conference or a Golden Conference.

But they all would benefit from being in a room with the best tech.

CEOs in the world. So TomorrowX is our attempt to really bring that world-class banking experience

to the masses. So if you're a retail investor or you're an analyst that has a substack and

you're really active in the space, you can now come to this event and hear Jensen Wong,

Michael Dell, John Gray, David Solomon, you know, the CEOs of Databricks and Versel.

I mean, it is in, if you go to TomorrowX Summit.com and look at that speaker list.

It's absolutely stacked.

I think it's important because some of these people are like very much moving the market.

You'll have these like.

Absolutely.

Private company CEOs.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Markets tons.

Well, that, but I'm saying like even analysts that may not even use a real profile picture.

Yeah.

But they are deeper in this stuff and have bigger audiences than many people at the bank.

Yeah.

You look at it's important.

Yeah.

And then the long sales as well.

Yeah.

Tons of them.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

And that was exactly.

Avons point and why he felt, I mean, we, we, you know, like normally when you do a conference,

you start small. You know, you get like a ballroom in a hotel and you try and get a thousand

people. We rented a stadium. So the concept of tomorrow X is like, let's really lean in to this

thing and make it available to the masses. You know, it's priced super inexpensively so that it's

really accessible by anyone. And we're going to be there. Yeah, we're very excited. And you are,

guys, I can't tell you, this is so exciting to have TBPN as our podcast media partner.

We were like, who do we want to be the tech podcast partner?

And there was really only one choice.

Yeah, we have some amazing guests.

Thank you for saying, yes.

I know it's going to be an amazing event.

I'm so excited for it.

It's, yeah, it's just so perfectly aligned with everything that we love.

Yeah, and we really hope a bunch of people in our community, which already are overlapping with Gavin's are all there in person.

We can't wait to hang out with everybody.

No, it's going to be fantastic.

For sure.

You guys are going to have plenty of interviews.

Hopefully your son comes, too, because he's clearly tapped in.

Yeah.

He will be there with his to door.

We got these this morning.

He already had it.

He already had it ready.

He was years ahead of the crowd.

He invested early.

Ahead of the curve.

Alex Biscardia, ahead of the curve.

Amazing.

Well, we'll talk to you soon.

Yeah, great to see you here on the show, and we can't wait for the event in November.

Thanks so much for having all.

Absolutely.

Same here, guys.

We'll take you so much.

Goodbye.

Up next, we're Ben Highlack, in person.

TPPN Ultronome. Shopify is the commerce platform that grows with your business and lets you sell

in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social, on marketplaces. And now with AI agents, go check

it out. Ben, how you doing? Good. Welcome to the TVP and Ultrodome. How are you doing?

John's going detective mode. You guys look great. I didn't get them at my mouth. Yeah, that's okay.

You want to wear one? I would, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Tyler, maybe sacrifice your

No, we can share it.

You look like you're about to release a book on fear and doom.

How optimistic are you about the world?

How are things going in your world?

Are you a dumer?

Are you an optimist?

You're an accelerationist?

Are you cautious optimist?

Getting right into it.

Right, right with all the questions.

Yeah, yeah.

It's always interesting to start from where you.

Because something I've noticed is that there are no doomers at the application layer.

There are no dumers in the infrastructure trade.

There are no do.

The rumors are only at the model layer.

And there's a good reason because that's where AGI and super intelligence is emerging.

There's sort of a good reason.

I actually, I think this is maybe a hot take here.

I actually think that, so I think part of the problem right now is that the like whole AI safety,

conversation, risk, whatever.

It's like five or six different things all muddled up into one.

Totally.

There's like, yeah, there's like climate change from data centers is getting looped into like bioluments.

Exactly.

Very different things.

There's like the whole sycophancy thing, how it affects people's mental hell.

Totally, totally.

There's like a bunch of different things.

And I do think that for some of them, not necessarily the bioweapon thing or the data center thing, but like for a lot of, like a lot of the things I think about are at the application layer.

They are like, that's where people meet models.

Sure.

And there is a risk there that, that, A, people at Frontier Labs, like, don't really care about or think about.

Sure.

Right.

But, like, you know, we work with Fortune 100 companies that, like, their products are used by millions of people and then affect even more people, right?

And so.

Sure.

Well, start there.

Reintroduce the product.

Explain.

You're here with fundraising news and product news.

but give us the high level again.

Rain Drop is an agent reliability product.

Important.

So we detect issues happening in production

and we prevent those issues from happening.

So the product we just announced recently,

which I'm really, really excited about,

is simulations.

So when people make changes to their agents,

we simulate what those changes are going to do

in the real world and can show people

things they wouldn't have even ever expected to happen.

Sure.

So yeah.

How reasonable is it to have an AI model that just reads every trace?

Is that prohibitively expensive?

Is that the problem?

It's getting less so.

Yeah.

So I think, like, we've sort of pioneered like super cheap classifiers for this thing.

Jeff is another example.

Yeah, yeah, exactly.

I'm just imagining like burn a classifier onto silicon that just says, is this bad or not?

and have it run over trace. You start to teching things now.

So there's a problem.

Please.

It turns out that like binary classification, like is this bad or not is really, really hard.

I can imagine. Yeah.

Take it like a step like back. It's like humanity has tried, has been trying to define

what is good and what is bad for like as long as we've existed.

We're going to need more than one simple.

It's going to be. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So so we consider ourselves in some ways like a human

alignment company. Like how do you get a company to define what is good or bad?

And then how do you make that as like easy as possible?

How do you, a lot of it is like, especially now that agents can do like more than the people that make them have ever imagined that they can do.

Like you're like looking at traces.

Like, oh, shit.

You know, I didn't expect that to be asked.

I didn't know what could do that.

Like you need to be able to like surface those things to be like, hey, do you want to be able to do this?

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

So creating like alignment within a company looks different.

I always think about the tobacco industry because a lot of the models will reject to work.

on anything tobacco related.

But, like, Altria is going to use AI somewhere.

Yes.

So they're going to get rejected a lot.

But in some ways, they're going to wind up deploying AI one way or another.

And their sense of legality is going to be informed by the way they're regulated in every single market.

And it might not look like the morality of the lab that train the model, but it will fit within their business construct in a weird way.

And the way we process the morality of cigarettes is through the courts.

Totally. I think there's hundreds of examples of this, thousands of infinite, like.

Probably infinite. And especially like, I think the way that Frontier Labs consider alignment is like often very different.

Sure. I was like using, I think like Claude or something recently. I was like trying to negotiate on some product. And like I wanted the, it was like on marketplace.

And the guy like wanted to like hang out with me. Like he was like, oh, it would be really cool if I could like sit down and like show you this thing. But it's just getting like weird vibes.

I was like, I told him, I was like, you know, just just like say something.

that kind of like gets by this, but like in a way that's not too.

And it was like, I cannot be dishonest about this.

We should not like.

And I was like, it's a white line.

Exactly. I was like, come on.

Like, you know, this could be my safety at risk here.

Who knows, right?

But anyway, so yeah, I think that human alignment is a really hard problem.

And I think you do you hang out with the guy?

No, I did not.

I didn't even end up.

Yeah, actually, uh, Claude booked us a four hour walk on the beach together.

No, it would have.

No, the deal wasn't worth it in the end.

Okay.

But yeah, I think that like, I think that telling something, whether that's a human or an agent, what you want is incredibly hard.

I think management is incredibly hard is just in general.

Like, if it were really easy to express what you want and have the other person, like, have some entity understand, like, management wouldn't, half of management wouldn't be.

Okay.

So an interesting thing for your business right now is that consumer agents are getting.

more and more popular. We saw the open claw boom and then this cycle will be bigger because

you don't need to go buy a Mac Mini or really set up much of anything. And you can just imagine

every business on Earth is going to start having, first of all, they're going to start realizing

like, wow, our phones like ringing a lot more. We're getting just like more messages. And so what

that's going to create is like tons and tons of businesses that need to create like counter agents

to process and negotiate with other agents, which is kind of funny, because I'm sure some people

will be like, why do we need a data center for this? Just like, why don't it just work it out the

old-fashioned way? But clearly people like having like an intermediary in a bunch of these different

things. And so is your bet that like there's this massive long tail of businesses that are going

to need to have their own agents and sort of process and basically grade them on how they're

performing and improve them?

Yeah. I think that there's going to.

be more agents than there are now.

Let's go.

Hot take of the century.

More AI in the future.

Right.

But another question is like you would almost bet that a business is going to have to take

some version of an agent and then fine tune it for their business and then test it.

And I feel like that is where you're going to fit it.

Yeah.

Totally.

Yeah.

Like somebody might buy an agent, say I'll take one agent.

But then I also want the software to understand how it's working.

Yes, I think that companies will want both like humans and agents that are aligned to how their company works.

Like if you take, you know, like pick a random Fortune 100 company.

They probably have some way that they work that like works for whatever industry that they're in.

And there might even be parts of it that are like, you know, suboptimal.

in some like, I wonder if more culture stuff will bleed in.

Like, there's a couple of famous examples of like, if you go to Nike headquarters, like, everyone wears Nike.

Yeah.

Like, you don't walk, you don't go to work and be like, I'm wearing Adidas today.

Like, that would be a bad look.

And so, but if you get an off-the-shelf model.

You wear a Nike photo.

But if you get an off-the-shelf model, it's going to be like, yeah, like, Nike and Adidas, like, these are both like comparable brands.

They're both, like, pretty good.

And you're going to be like, this AI.

is not a culture.

I need to.

And that's like a very subtle alignment thing

that actually might be real

because you don't want to be building a deck

and it's like, oh yeah, like, you know,

maybe we should partner with Adidas

because they're similar.

And it's like, no.

I worked at Apple for like four years.

Yeah, everyone works at Apple watches, right?

Yeah, yeah, exactly.

And this is like a protest, not worrying about it.

But no, I think that the way that AI

is an agent's will fit into there

will be different than other companies.

Just like they're, it's a, the way it works is just entirely different, right?

Like if you've ever worked at a big company, you sort of get that.

And so, I don't know, I think there's millions of examples of this.

I think that, yeah, I think a lot of the future will be, how do you sort of conform?

Sure, sure.

On simulation, where does the simulation end?

Because you can create a digital twin of.

We're in it.

But, I mean, if you go to a company, you can create a digital twin of their, their,

their ADWS instances

and their Gmail and their Slack.

But at a certain point, then you also need to simulate

the entire internet because that's part of the world.

Like, how big can you go?

How big are you going now?

How big will you go ultimately?

This is a really, really good question.

I mean, ultimately, you know, I'm joking,

but also like, you know, maybe this could be a range drop simulation.

I don't know.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I don't know.

For now, where we're starting is all about,

it's all about replaying historical

things that have happened, getting really, really smart about how you choose those historical

things. And then in very specific scenarios, creating completely sort of like on-the-fly adversarial

scenarios. As far as like technically, we simulate everything. And it's kind of a hybrid of

trying to be a smart upfront about what you need to. One way of thinking about it is if you

think about like, let's take a past trace, like something that agent did. Every time it called a tool,

it's almost like a hole through this veil that lets you sort of see what the world behind it looks like, right?

The agent's sort of perceiving that world one sort of like tool call at a time.

So you can sort of start there and say, well, let's try to like fill in around the holes as much as possible.

So if it goes here, it goes like right next to it, it sort of has that data, right?

And then you also have to be monitoring that simulation in real time, just like they do for this one, right?

to see, oh, you know, if something's slightly off, right?

It's like maybe it tried to get data somewhere, but that data was not filled in.

You can sort of detect that as a quality gap if you get really smart about how you're classifying it.

And then fill in that data at runtime.

So that's essentially the way to do it well.

How do you think about how different cultures are set up to even build agents?

Because it feels like there's, it's quite funny to me that.

I'm thinking of like Amish culture.

culturally we don't miss a lot

but I think it's very funny that

I think it's very funny that Apple

like is just getting around to cloning chat GBT

and they have such an advantage

in the personal agent thing

they are the most trusted

Google and Apple should be killing it

they should be killing it all of my passwords are in Google

even Google people be like they're going to sell your data

they want to advertise Apple is the one

where it's like my family photos are in there

I know they have very very high trust

I talk about this all the time

there's two companies

that people can't or TAMRA data.

Meta is Google and Apple.

And meta is specifically well suited for it because Zach's like, I don't care if it misspells like five out of a hundred people's names if 90, you know, like you saw this with one of the agents today, somebody had an issue like getting on a flight apparently.

Yeah, he's always working like a messy or more algorithmic world than Apple where it's like if the photo is on your phone, it must sync to your eye cloud.

like that's, there is no, there is no AI lineage, no stochastic lineage in the business.

I think it's very true.

I think that Apple is, first of all, I would literally never count them out because I think

they're ridiculously well positioned.

I have some amazing people there.

But yeah, like I think that there was this, you know, there was a way of working there,

which was sort of, you know, we're going to like, you know, the reason why Apple is such

like insanely, you know, the most insane attention to detail, et cetera, is that designers would

sort of define, like, this is how it should work.

Yep.

Right.

And then engineers are like, well, no, like, that won't work.

And the designers, like, well, we don't care.

Like, this is how it's going to work.

And, you know, you just kind of do that loop, right?

It's like RL or something.

And the thing is that that kind of way of working doesn't work as well for AI.

Yeah.

Right?

Because you can't just say, like, oh, it's like, well, you know, it should be, you know, as natural

as talking to a human. It is entirely flipped at the frontier labs. It's like the researchers went and

did something and this is what it can do. Exactly. Go market. Yeah, like try to build a product.

And but we do also see the labs. Wait, wait, it can do math now? Yeah, exactly. Go tell people it can do math.

Exactly. Exactly. And they're like, but it can't do comedy or it can't do the, there's still six fingers,

but it's, you know, amazing at Python. And you're like, okay, that's the product. Yeah, exactly.

As opposed to the opposite, which is like, 100%. We are building this particular.

thing.

100%.

Yeah.

Yeah, very exciting times.

What does it take to sell to a Fortune 100 these days?

Like, what are you seeing in the enterprise?

R. Krasian has this evolving take that there's sort of this duopoly and price competition

at the frontier between Anthropic and Open AI.

He has said that there's less switching to open source and Chinese open source than he thought

he would see, but there's tons of price competition on the frontier still.

what are you seeing? What are enterprise leaders just like excited about, worried about anything that you can share?

So, yes, definitely way less adoption of like, I would just say like Chinese models in general, especially at Fortune 100s.

I think that there's like definitely a narrative of like a risk around it, even though it's not super well.

It's more like let's go actually instead of token max, like efficient token spend will take us the next leg up.

Cost, people do care about cost.

Yep.

And I think that it's like pretty reasonable when you're like even, you know,

5K, you know, ahead times like, you know, 50,000, 100,000, like, whatever.

It's like, it starts getting crazy, right?

Yeah.

So it does matter.

I think that there's a lot of like companies are definitely all building internal things right now.

And I think trying to grapple with like, well, like, when do we just use cloud code?

When do we just build our own, I guess Codex now maybe, but like when do we just build our own thing?

I think that like there's more of a justification for companies to build their own kind of internal ways of working than I might have expected six months ago actually, which is really interesting.

Like I think even if you look at something like Muse, it's like it's like pretty much like some open claw style thing.

Heavily inspired.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

And so.

Yeah.

Yeah.

And so.

Yeah.

Yeah.

And so.

Yeah.

sessions, like maybe four or five months ago?

It's, it's, the, the buried entry there is, like, pretty low.

But distribution is really important.

Yes, but, but if you have, you know, especially, I think, again, when you think about

Fortune 100s, 4,500s, I think we're seeing an increasing number of just internal

agents and applications that, I think, like, two years ago might have felt a little silly.

Like, it's kind of like, well, like, why are you actually building this yourself?

Yeah.

I think increasingly it's like, no, like, you know, you have all these, like, legacy, like,

you know, internal docs and, like, you know, you.

exact, like, you know, the exact path of ticket should take, and every company sort of like

maps to, uh, org structure, et cetera, it like kind of makes sense increasingly, which is

interesting. Yeah, it is interesting that like even if you go back to dot com, like Amazon became

the everything store and yet there were so many brands that didn't go all in on Amazon,

maintained third party websites for decades successfully. Yeah. And, and built brands,

even in retail and big box. Like all of these things like lived on longer and,

So, yeah, when I see like a law firm saying, like, okay, we're going to build our own models.

We're going to build our own harnesses.

I'm like, yeah, maybe that's not that crazy.

Maybe that'll stick around.

Does brand design matter more or less today than it did two years ago?

Matters more.

Yeah, matters more.

Does it, though?

I think so.

Because I feel like when everyone can have like a pretty decent brand, like you see some teams, like looking at instincts, right, getting to $10 billion with the plain tech.

website. They don't have a brand, right?

Is there a brand? No, of course.

They have a Twitter brand. Right?

Sure. Like, brand is not always

It's like what you do.

The brand is super understated.

But here's another example.

It used to be like you could get a long way

as an early stage startup designing

like a really simple

cool 3D asset.

Yes. No, totally totally.

Like that, they would just instantly be like,

okay, this team, they may not have a lot of resources

but they like, and now you can just be like,

make me a cool 3D asset.

But there's a website flips around.

This is why it matters more, though.

So I think I've gone back and forth.

I think right now my view is that, like, in some ways you could think of it as like

taste is being commoditized.

But also, the second that things are commoditized, you need to stand out.

Yeah.

And so you do need someone at the like, like that understands the zeitgeist, understands

the tip of like whatever it is.

It's like, you know, because it is not enough to.

throw a nice 3D asset on your website or something.

But you still need, like, for example,

if a Fortune 100 company is landing on your page or, like,

just anyone, you want them to understand that this is a real team of humans behind it.

It's even, like, writing.

Like, you can imagine that, like, so I think AI writing is still bad.

But also, like, if you sent, like, AI writing to people, like, 10 years ago, you know,

would they think it's bad?

It's not obvious to me

versus like there being a lot of tells

because you are getting a nundated

with like really low quality writing

that you can's obvious to you.

You've seen like the old Paul Graham post

where he uses all the AI tells

and dashes, whatever, yeah, exactly.

And it clearly wasn't using it unless he was a time traveler.

Which is possible.

But yeah, it wasn't annoying then

and now it's annoying now because it's oversaturated.

Yeah, just the second I detected

I stopped reading and I just close

whatever the age of the time.

What's weird is that I feel like I'm detecting it less in the actual responses.

Like, if I asked DragyPT to go pull some data together for me, I'm noticing they clearly

RL, but it's not this, it's that out of the model on the last run.

Of course, yeah.

Because people are like, okay, that's actually really annoying.

But in general, like, I'll sit there and I probably read 20 minutes of AI text a day,

just from queries that I do throughout the day.

You're lucky.

It's all.

I don't know.

I mean, I'm live a lot.

I've been so much more.

Yeah, but you're not necessarily annoyed by that.

But if I tell you like, hey, I got this blog post and then you're like, this is AI, it's like disrespectful.

But the actual quality of the writing is probably identical to what you read all day.

I get what you're saying, yeah.

Yeah.

I actually do find the responses from like the codex center to be like obnoxious.

Yeah, yeah.

Sometimes it can be annoying.

But yeah, we had a funny thing recently where we're like, we put up a blog and it was like, it was like a, I thought it was a pretty, like, it's a pretty decent.

blog. It was about the hugging face incident.

It would be like a whole like simulated game called Hugging World to Huggingworld.com.

And it's pretty funny. It's funny to watch.

And so the thing is like I was pretty busy.

I got the blog like 80% done, but like I knew that there were like some.

You could read it. It was good. But it was also I was like someone's going to call it.

Someone's going to see like some AI written phrase here. I don't want to get called on that.

And so I added a little like stamp like vibe written, you know, on the top.

And I think that was like a nice like.

Okay, yeah, just being honest with the audience.

Exactly, but it's like, there is good information.

And was there a pushback or no?

No.

That's great.

Exactly.

So I think, I think, like, there was good information.

It was not, I think, disrespectful to someone to read.

But at the same time, it's a little bit different than if I were to write every sentence.

Yeah, yeah.

So there's some sort of.

I have one more question.

Please.

And we have one big gong here.

Yeah, we do.

Yes.

Maybe we should hit the gong first.

You raise $25 million.

No, no, 35.

35.

Oh, who's counting?

We get it.

Wow, well, we want.

Smash that gong.

CRV.

CRV is any shipping up to Boston.

Did you go to Boston or do you raise it in the valley?

No, no, no, no.

Charles.

It's in Boston.

That's right.

It's great.

Charles River is fun of place.

Completely unrelated question, but prediction in the tech world.

The new Tesla Roadster is being announced October 1st,

and the FAA has cleared the airspace 10,000 feet up.

So the maximum height it could go is 10,000.

feet. The minimum height it could go is zero feet, right? What is your prediction? It has to be

inclusive of zero to 10,000 feet. How high do you think it'll go? Could be an inch, could be

1,000 feet, could be 100 feet, could be 10,000 feet. Can't be higher than 10,000 feet. Can't be less

than zero. We know it's in between there. We have the bounds now. I think it's, I think it'll be

more than zero. Okay. Pretty sure. I'm thinking, I'm thinking we're going to get 10 feet.

10 feet. I like it.

Here's a new.

Here's a new.

These guys are sitting in half a foot.

I got to get some foil under here.

As I've been thinking about it more, it really seems like he never wanted to actually.

Once he got into this whole thing and humanoid, he doesn't really want to make this car, right?

No, exactly.

He really doesn't want to make this car.

People have been sitting there for nine years having their money locked up.

They're like, I hope this year I get my car.

He doesn't want to make it, right?

But we know he can make it.

And we know that he could make something so incredible.

We know he could make a flying car.

I don't think anyone doubts, like, oh.

Yeah.

Like, I'm not saying it's going to be super safe.

Okay.

But let's say, he makes something that is, no, so he makes something that is just like an insane demo,

but it just instantly gets like hard ban hammer by the.

Oh, and he's like, oh, no, I can't make it.

It won't let me.

Or it gets into another five-year period of like legal battle.

I got to keep the deposits.

Okay, okay.

You got to get through these legal battles.

The deposits are that big.

But also, there's a wild card.

which is that it could be more or less a normal car,

but they cleared the airspace because it's doing sort of an evil caneval style jump,

and they set up a ramp.

And that will throw all of our predictions off.

That's quite possible.

Because it could easily go 30 feet in the air if there's a ramp,

and it could just be a normal car.

It wouldn't be a flying car.

You know, like, he has the resources.

Yeah.

Right.

And I'm sure at some point someone was like, well, what if it flies?

You know what I mean?

And so he would have been like, well, let's get a team on that.

Yeah.

And I believe that if you can attach engines to this thing and fly, like I was going no ramp six feet up.

But after seeing the 10,000 foot news, I think you might be flying around like a plane or something.

It might be getting up there.

We'll see.

You think so.

Maybe.

I don't know why.

I think we would have seen test flights.

That's the thing.

Oh, yeah.

There would have been spies or something.

There would have been.

Yeah, I think.

I don't know.

They might have it locked down.

It's a pretty secure facility.

Self-driving?

Yeah, I don't know.

That's real.

That's the easy part.

Yeah.

I think the hard part is to actually make a rocket car that doesn't explode when you're driving around.

Anyway, thank you so much for coming on the show.

Congratulations.

On our next guest will be joining after the show.

And our next guest will be joining in just a minute.

We have some other breaking news.

We got to run through.

We just set up our next guest.

I think it would be worth talking about Paramount.

Let's get a quick tip of the hat for our friend over at Reindrop.

Yes, yes, yes.

Of course.

So Paramount is officially not leaving California.

It's been a back and forth.

The company going through an acquisition with Warner Brothers Discovery has been duking it out with AG,

attorneys general in California.

The company said Monday, that's Paramount,

said that it has reached a settlement with the states challenging its $111 billion

acquisition of Warner Brothers Discovery,

clearing what had become the last major obfirmation.

to the deal. California Attorney General Rob Bonta and a coalition of other states sued Paramount

in July arguing that combining the two companies would give a single entertainment giant too much

control over major film studios, cable networks and other media properties to resolve the case.

Paramount agreed to several conditions. The combined company will create an independent board of

journalists intended to protect the editorial autonomy of CNN and CBS News, commit to releasing

through at least 30 movies

theatrically each year and spend an additional

$1.5 billion on film production

over the next five years.

Paramount did not agree to more structural changes.

They're not selling CNN or divesting

one of the movie studios.

Once completed, the merger, will bring Paramount

and Warner Brothers under the same roof,

along with Paramount Plus, HBO Max,

CBS, CNN, and franchises and films,

including Superman, Minecraft, and sinners.

Paramount has argued that the scale is necessary

to compete with increasingly powerful

technology and streaming companies like Netflix.

If you subscribe to every Paramount Warner Brothers Discovery premium service now,

you're probably given them like $60 a month, maybe more.

HBO Max is an independent subscription, Paramount Plus.

That gets pricey if you get the, don't they have UFC now?

CBS, I think, has an all-access.

CNN launched something, but I think they shuttered it.

Anyway, the settlement also follows months of political pressure surrounding Paramount's future in

California, the company had warned that it could move significant production and thousands of

jobs out of the state if the acquisition were blocked and had reportedly begun exploring

studio space in Nashville. Governor Gavin Newsom publicly warned that losing Paramount would damage

California standing at as the center of the entertainment industry. With the lawsuit now headed

for resolution, one of the more serious recent threats of a major Hollywood company pulling back

from Los Angeles appears to have receded. So this is extremely bad news for everyone that was

hoping that the Paramount lot would be converted into a data center in part of Los Angeles.

A lot of the pro data center crowd were optimistic about a large-scale data center coming in to Los Angeles,

using up a lot of the water, a lot of the energy here in Los Angeles.

But it looks like they're going to be making movies instead.

Well, let's check in with Professor Zhang, who went on Jack Neal's podcast to talk about AI.

Oh, yes, yes.

We need to, this is the funniest clip.

It's like half true, half false.

Let's play it.

Do you really think when you put something into chat TBT,

it's completely generated by the AI?

I guarantee you, it's not true.

I guarantee you it's being manipulated by humans.

Someone in the loop.

Chat GPT, human in the loop at scale.

Billion, billion weekly active users,

billion people answering questions.

I think what happened was a human first wrote that.

And so he's sort of right.

He's like describing training data.

and like it's half crazy.

Like, no, there's no human in the loop when you ask a question.

It answers with superhuman speed.

How is that possible?

But at the same time, like, yes, scale AI exists.

Mercor exists.

There is a lot of training data.

Professor Zhang is willing to actually guarantee this too, which is great, too,

because he's not just saying it.

He's willing to guarantee it.

Yes.

It seems that the new meta for governments globally is to just have like a podcast guy.

Okay.

that just goes around saying insane things, half of which is true, half of which are made up.

Yeah.

And then it just sort of is exciting and confusing for people, but very stimulating.

John Kiriaku is another guy, another guy like this, it seems.

Although he's taken a turn into fashion.

Oh, yeah, he walked at Fashion Week.

There's an interesting thing.

David Sacks is the AI czar, and he's also the co-chair of the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology, which abbreviates to P-Cast, which sounds like podcast.

It sounds like he's the podcaster in chief.

Isn't that a random title?

He just happens to be the co-chair of P-Cast.

I thought that was a fun fact.


---


Anyway, we have Lucas Shaw in the waiting room.


---


Let's bring them in to the TV in Lundon.

Welcome to show, Luke.

What's going on?

Great to be here.

How are you guys doing?

Been wanting to make this happen for a while.

Yes.

We are, we go live from Hollywood most days of the year, but I still don't fully understand

Hollywood.

So stuff is happening in the news.

I usually just think I'm going to wait until you write about it.

Then I'll get a good understanding of it.

So it's an honor to have you here today to talk about everything with Paramount.

out and then I want to get into Netflix and YouTube as well.

Yeah, please.

I'm sorry I did not bring my hat.

Then we could all be mad.

We should have prepared you.

We're trying these out.

John has a theory that.

I think you do have a pair of sunglasses that you could put on him potentially with a button.

If you want to give him a pair of shades at some point.

We can figure that out.

But John, John's trying to bring back the Vodora.

So I'm just trying to do.

You're here for emotional support.

Yeah, I'm just here to support.

It looks like old Hollywood.

I think we can pull it off.

I think with the suit and the tie, it reads a little bit more like 1950s.

Insane overconfidence to be the guy.

I'm going to bring back the fedora.

I can pull it off.

Anyways, how was your weekend covering everything going on with Paramount?

It was fine.

I was actually at a relative's wedding in Rhode Island.

So I helped where I could.

We also had some really good colleagues of mine who handled it.

I mean, I've been covering Ellison Paramount.

out this deal for the last year and the players in it for far longer, I think we're all happy

that it is finally over. Obviously, there are some people who are not happy that the deal is

going to go forward, but those of us covering it didn't need the proceedings to drag out for forever

or never. Talk about your read today on the sort of winners and losers and where the different

parties kind of gave ground and where they kind of maybe came out on top. Well, the settlement looks

for the most part, like a big win for David Ellison, right? He was looking at, you know,

months of uncertainty. This trial wasn't going to start until next year. Yes, there were hearings

between now and then, but if that had happened, he was going to owe hundreds of millions,

if not billions of dollars to this ticking fee that he had in the deal between Paramount, Guy

Guy, Adamson, Warner Brothers Discovery. And instead, he mostly agrees to do things he's already said

he was going to do, you know, release 30 movies a year in theaters, only 20 of them have to be

wide releases. There's a commitment to make a certain amount of production or make a certain

amount of movies and television in this country. But again, I think he was going to do that stuff

anyways. Maybe this, you know, forces him to do it because there's always a chance. You know,

he says he's going to do X and gets in and he instead does Y. But it doesn't seem like Rob Bont of

the Attorney General of California or any of the attorneys general who are involved in the suit or

the Writers Guild got some big win where they can say, you know, they were calling for structural

changes, which would have meant selling something. And there is nothing being sold.

Yeah. Is this real cause for optimism for the entertainment industry in L.A.? Is there already plenty of cause for optimism?

Living here, I don't, you know, when I talk to folks, I don't get this sort of sense that, like, they're super excited about the state of things, but maybe it's darkest before dawn.

Well, the last few years have been pretty rough, right? There was kind of an unprecedented explosion, particularly,

on the television side, kind of starting around Netflix and House of Cars.

And really, look, the TV business was a cash machine for decades.

Streaming seemed like a really great business for a lot of these people.

And then around 22, 23, there has been this kind of correction or right-sizing

and from which the industry has never fully recovered.

So, yeah, you're right that most people who work in Hollywood don't feel great about it.

I don't think that they believe that this deal is going to be the solution for that, right?

they're looking at what will likely be thousands in job cuts and the combination of two of the

original kind of six Hollywood studios. But other people feel great because it means they think

that David Ellison will finally be the one to kind of create a scaled player to compete with

Netflix and Amazon and Disney. Look, Warner Brothers has traded hands a lot over the last decade.

It got bought by AT&T. Then it got bought by Discovery. Now it's getting bought by David Ellison.

Everyone has said that they're going to be the ones to figure out how to the last decade.

to make HBO out of a real competitor in streaming.

They haven't done it so far, but maybe David Ellison will have the magic touch.

How is Hollywood processing the, it seems like TV's in a rough spot, but it feels like it's

starting to be a good year for movies, at least financially.

I mean, we had the three breakout sort of like crossover YouTubers, obsession, iron

long backrooms.

Then you have $2 billion outcomes with the Auditon.

see in Spider-Man.

And then you're going into the back half of the year.

It's tech-focused, and you get the Theranos, Elizabeth Holmes documentary.

There's an open-a-I movie.

There's another Facebook movie.

Like, at least from my world, I feel like there's more stories around the movie business.

But how is Hollywood perceiving this year?

Will this be remembered as, like, a good year for the movie-making business, potentially?

I think it depends on who you ask.

Top line, it's the highest grossing year since before the pandemic, since 2019.

You have the second most billion-dollar movies ever.

You know, you have The Odyssey, you have the Spider-Man movie, you had Toy Story 5,

you had a new Super Mario Brothers movie, and then a lot of the ones that you referenced,

whether it was kind of the YouTube breakouts or even Devil Wars Product 2 was a big hit.

I think where people counter that is that if you look just in terms of ticket sales,

ticket sales are still down a lot.

The reason that grosses are stronger is in part because going to the movies is just more expensive.

And so we've entered a phase where movie going as a habit is just not what it used to be.

But yeah, I think this is, if you talk to people in the movie business, they feel better about it this year than they have since before the pandemic closed theaters.

And the question that they all have is, is this going to continue?

How do we make sure that this isn't a blip?

And we actually are back on a growth trajectory, which the business hasn't really been on.

Yeah.

I've seen some crazy stats about movie going.

before the dawn of television

I think in like the 40s and 50s

like the average American

bought like something like

10 or 20 movie tickets a month

like it was like the only thing to do

and so everyone was going to movies

constantly and then once people could

watch it. Got to get your screen time somehow.

Well think about

when you

yes there's what happened

you know before television where it was like

yeah so it was pretty much it was that

or reading books or playing

playing cards. But even when

when you were growing up, going to the movies on a Friday night was something that, correct.

Every weekend.

And that's just not the case now, right?

You go when there is an event.

A movie is competing with TikTok, it's competing with YouTube, it's competing with live sports,

it's competing with concerts, it's competing with, you know, anything and everything.

And so it has to be loud and it has to feel like something one needs to leave the house to go see.

And that's something that the movie business struggles with because they were in the habit of people just showing up

a Friday night and say, where do I want to see?

Switching gears.

YouTube and Netflix, you had an interesting post this morning on a creator that was

potentially trying to rework their deal with Netflix, seemingly because they're worried

about losing something to do with the Golden Goose, which is their YouTube channel.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah, there's been this fight for talent between YouTube and Netflix over the course of this year,

They're the two leaders in streaming video for most of their existence.

They were competitive, but operating in different lanes, right?

Netflix was Hollywood programming, professional film and TV, YouTube was UGC, and just shorter-form videos.

Over time, they've gotten closer and closer together.

And what's happened this year is Netflix in trying to increase the amount of time people are spending

and stay relevant with people under the age of 2530, in particular under 20.

they have done deals with a lot of big YouTube talent.

And they've done business with YouTube before.

It used to be, okay, cocoa melon, package together your videos

and make highlights for Netflix.

Now it's like with this person I mentioned,

the chef Nick Di Giovanni,

and they've done it with a bunch of people.

It's post your new videos to Netflix and YouTube at the same time.

We will pay you millions of dollars on top of what you already get from YouTube,

and we're happy to talk about whether we should work on some kind of original

programming. YouTube got upset about this, right? YouTube, even though they are the biggest player

on the block, they seem to break records in terms of how much time people are spending it with it every

quarter. I think Netflix's trying to get people to post sync at the same time on both places

just irritated them. How dare you? How dare you? How dare you? No, it's so funny to me because

they've been through this like, oh, it's like everything. It's like rainbows and butterflies. Like,

we put the you in YouTube. It's about.

You, the creator.

And like, we're here to just empower creators.

And it's like, we're here to empower creators that maintain our monopoly on human attention.

You know, it's like, it's really, it's really kind of exposing just the realities of, like, business.

They're going to make a bunch of, like, rational decisions to try to maintain their monopoly on, like, streaming UGC.

And, and, but, uh, but having to go kind of, it feels like they just had to go very much, like, mask off.

If you do this, we're going to kill your reach.

We will punish you.

And by the way, if you go back and work with us, we will reward you.

It is very Machiavellian.

They did not care.

It was interesting when I first started reporting on it and what YouTube was doing in response.

Like, YouTube thought what they were doing, to your point, was very reasonable and rational and just what any business would do.

And then Netflix folks were like, I can't believe what YouTube is doing.

And probably some of that comes from what you're talking about, which is YouTube has cultivated this.

reputation as this very creator friendly platform, which of course, they're, you know,

they're ultimately about the bottom line and creators are a means to an end for them.

Yeah. And the other thing that's interesting is like when when podcasters were like,

hey, I could just, I'm posting my podcast to the RSS feed, I could just post it on YouTube at

the same time. Maybe I get some additional views. Creators are now just trying to do that.

They're like, I'm creating this video asset that I slaved away making for any number of hours.

I made this thing. It's my IP. I own it. I should be able to post it anywhere. And now YouTube is saying, like, we're going to cut your reach, you know, by however much. And it just feels like it is deeply misaligned with the creator, which is the person that built YouTube. And it's my hope that it's my hope that the creators like win here because it's so much better. It'll be so much better if a creator can be like, yeah, I get, I get views all over the place. And, and, but I don't know, YouTube.

better for YouTube shareholders, though.

They may be

misaligned, but

I would actually say that this competition

for creators, at least in the short term,

is a net positive because there

are multiple people. It's not...

YouTube for the longest time was kind of the only game

in town, right? Yes, you had TikTok and

Instagram and Twitch. Well, that's what I'm saying.

I'm saying the competition is like amazing. I want

more... I want permanent competition, not

just this brief... That might be the state, because

right now, if YouTube is that

stick, then Netflix has

to increase the amount of carrots to say, hey, yeah, you are going to get crushed,

but we're going to double what we were going to pay you.

And then all of a sudden somebody says, you know what?

Yeah, I'll get rid of my YouTube channel at that price.

I'm down, right?

And then that's good, potentially.

Yeah.

And you see Disney and Fox and other legacy entertainment companies trying to get into.

And so if there are just more people trying to compete for creators dollar, that's good, right?

We've seen it.

You brought up, you were talking about podcasting earlier, when there were a bunch of

companies trying to get podcast deals and trying to sign podcast talent, that's when you started to

see people like Joe Rogan and OutCuper and all those folks getting huge paydays. So yeah, the more

folks who want their, you know, want their videos. Do you think that, um, do you think that Netflix

could think about trying to cultivate like emerging talent? Like they're so used to being like,

hey, let's put a million dollars towards this like single production. If you take a million dollars,

you divide it by 20, you could see 20 creators that are just showing like any, you know,

I'm very excited for a lot of the content that I like most on YouTube is,

is like highly produced 20, 30 minute videos from a super passionate creator that just spent,

and it's like real time, right?

And so what Netflix has been missing is just like,

and they've kind of done this with some documentary projects where they'll like come out

with a documentary on like Trump's flight from Turkey.

They're doing these quick turn documentaries right now.

But they should be doing that across like

Insta dots.

Every single category, basically.

They could.

I think Netflix is really wary of,

they would sort of categorize that maybe as user-generated programming.

And I don't think they feel like they can win at that.

But Netflix's strength has been, yes,

that really high production value type of programming.

And YouTube strength has more been the long tail

being a place that you can go for anything and everything.

And I think most people at Netflix feel like they can't beat YouTube at that game.

But it would be interesting, certainly, to see them, you know, go to 20, 30 creators they like

and say, here's $50,000 to make whatever you want.

Yeah.

Well, I would just like to see that because those creators, if they're just starting their journey,

have nothing to lose.

Like, they don't have this, like, amazing, you know, platform and business built on YouTube yet.

So it would take a lot of money, but some way or another, they're going to need to get to the point.

They're going to need a benefit from, like, having creative talent that's distributed all over the world that can make this more, like, real-time content.

And I've always felt like Netflix, in the slop era that we're in, Netflix has amazing opportunity to just curate UGC better than YouTube.

Because I actually can't stand when YouTube surfaces some video to me.

and historically I would have been like oh cool there's a video it looks like it's well produced

it only has 4,000 views maybe it's like someone great and then now more than ever it's like

some like AI script and and there's actually no substance to the content and I think like

if if Netflix can create a slop shield of sorts curation layer I'd be optimistic I like that

what's the status or the status of uh Apple

in this ecosystem.

I talked to a filmmaker

before they really launched

real Apple TV Plus productions

and he was saying

it's going to be challenging for them

because movies are

it's a hits driven business,

you're going to have flops

and that's sort of antithetical

to the Apple culture

of like everything needs to be polished

and perfect.

Then I think they've done well

And they've developed a portfolio of really well reviewed and Emmy winning, Golden Globe winning.

You know, they've won a whole bunch of awards.

But how do people in Hollywood see them?

Are they an important buyer in the ecosystem?

Are they just one of many?

It feels like they're sort of sitting out this YouTube versus Netflix battle.

But is there a battle coming, you know, years down the line as they try and expand or are they sort of happy with where they are?

They're definitely sitting out the Netflix YouTube skirmish.

I mean, when they first showed up, I think they were seen as, you know,

Captain Moneybags.

They would outspend anyone and everyone.

They're kind of seen as star fuckers because every show that they do,

they want to have big name talent in.

But over time,

they've developed a reputation as one of the best programming

or one of the best streaming services in terms of programming, right?

You mentioned Emmy Awards.

They just won the most Emmys of any streaming service, of any company.

Is that Widows Bay?

It was,

Widows Bay was their biggest winner,

but they got a lot of nominations,

across that and your friends and neighbors and shrinking and a bunch of their shows,

they get really good critical praise.

Yeah, it feels like they've sort of jumped straight into more of an HBO competitor than a Netflix

competitor.

Yes, they have, well, but remember, that's where Netflix started, right?

Netflix started as competing with HBO and then went mainstream.

I don't know, Amazon started as competing with HBO and then decided to speak to the middle

of the country with Reacher and other stuff like that.

I don't know that I see Apple making that same transition to your point about sort of what Apple is.

It doesn't feel like in keeping with their brand to try to be CBS.

Yeah.

The knock that most people have on Apple is just their shows aren't very popular.

Sure.

You know, they do really well with a particular type of viewer.

Yeah.

But only a couple other shows have broken through in the culture in a big way.

You know, I saw some estimated ratings and it was like 70,000 views in episodes.

or something, which is like a small podcast, right?

But they may not care, right?

If you're John Ternis and you're like, oh, I just went to the Emmys and we won all these

awards and talent wants to work with us, that's good for our brand.

Well, that's been the 4D chess argument in tech is that it gives them something to talk about

that's not just app store rents because they're like, oh, yeah, our services business?

You want to talk about services?

Let's talk about, you know, Widows Bay.

Right.

We've made another $10 billion charging 30%.

Do you think any of the major platforms are taking a hard look at short form dramas or any of these apps that are charting?

I think a lot of them are basically like adult content that's sort of like romantic skies.

Some people would say, yeah.

But there's also like horror and like true crime stuff in there.

They're all looking at it.

I think Peacock, I think, has already added some verticals.

I know that Netflix and others have said that they're looking at it.

That again doesn't feel like one for Apple per se, but most of the other ones.

Look, all these services, because streaming isn't growing as fast as it once was,

they're all looking at ways to bring in more people.

So they're all looking at YouTube creators.

They're all looking at podcasts.

They're all looking at vertical dramas.

Anything that people are paying attention to, if they can find a sensible way to integrate it,

they will.

Makes sense.

Is it fair to say that the Warner Brothers story was somewhat predictable just by the actions of David Zazlov,

even before the first bid came out,

this was something that you and other folks

in the industry were tracking, correct?

There was a feeling that what was happening,

that Warner Brothers Discovery wasn't working

as a public company, right?

The stock was doing badly.

The company was shrinking, just in terms of revenue.

The streaming service was doing okay.

And so we knew they had to do something.

What they were doing was they were splitting it, right?

they were going to cast off the cable networks into one business because that's the part that

generates a lot of profit but isn't growing.

And then they were going to put the studio and the streaming service into another.

And my belief is that is what David Zazov wanted because he liked being the mayor of Hollywood.

He wasn't the mayor, but he liked being a big shot in Hollywood, right?

He's in Bob Evans' house.

He gets to hang out with movie stars and get dinner with those people.

He didn't want to give that up.

Sure.

And that's why when David Ellison first came calling, or one of the reasons, that David

Zazov and his board said, you're not valuing us high enough.

We don't want this.

we don't want it. And Allison just kept coming. You know, you got to give him credit in the case of both

buying Paramount from Sherry Redstone and this Warner Brothers deal. He faced a lot of resistance,

and he, you know, in part because he has the resources from his family, but he just kept coming.

Do you have any predictions?

Master of negotiating against himself.

Do you have any predictions for what the next big Hollywood story might be either through the end of the year or next year?

year, something that people are feeling like, okay, we're in Act 1 or Act 2 there.

There might be a crescendo, some big deal, some change, some structural moment.

Could be sort of across any storyline, but what are you tracking?

Well, look, in the immediate, there's going to be a lot of attention paid to what does

David Ellison do.

Combining two companies is going to mean not only firing a lot of people, but who's going

to run the streaming business.

He's got a high profile person in charge of streaming at Paramount and a high profile person

in charge of streaming at Warner Brothers Discovery.

Setting that aside,

a lot of people are wondering

what is going on at Netflix.

I think they've had a pretty rocky year.

Ever since they walked away from Warner Brothers Discovery,

it's led to a lot of questions about the future

and whether they have a plan for their next act

and how they're going to grow.

There's been a lot of rumors about changes in leadership there.

And so I think people are keeping an eye on that.

Tomcast is doing,

doing what Warner Brothers Discovery once was planning to do.

You know, they're splitting their cable business from the entertainment business.

And a lot of people are wondering, is that the first move in, you know, NBC Universal

ends up getting combined with something?

You know, AI is a much bigger conversation, I'd say, in the music business than in Hollywood right now.

But it's lurking, obviously, as it is in all sectors of society.

Those are probably the big ones.

No, that makes sense.

Oh, and the federal film tax credit.

A lot of people are wondering.

There's a push to try to pass a tax credit for shooting in the United States,

which would bring a lot of production back from Europe and Canada.

And Trump came out for it, and people are trying to get that done, basically, between now and when the next Congress seats in January.

I think Avengers is going to London or the UK.

And I don't know if that's because that's where they actually want to shoot or it's a financial decision.

But be exciting to get back to making movies.

movies in Hollywood.

It's a good town.

Hopefully we get booted out of our studio.

That would be a bullish indicator for Hollywood.

It was way too easy to find studio space in Hollywood for us.

Yeah.

Well, thank you so much for joining Lucas.

Really enjoyed it.

And let's do it again when you have more stories.

We'll talk to you soon.

Thanks, guys.

Bye.

Bye.

And that's our show, folks.

Thank you so much for tuning in to TBPN.

We'll see you tomorrow at 11 a.m. Pacific.

Leave us five stars on Apple Podcast.

and Spotify, sign up for our newsletter at tbpn.com.

Goodbye.