=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Third Party Evaluators, Fed Hikes Rates, Zuck Pushes Back On AI Slowdown | Jeremy Allaire, Tomasz Tunguz, William Layden, Justin Beroz, Eli Wachs, Sean McCarthy, Tom Mueller
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/third-party-evaluators-fed-hikes-rates-zuck-pushes-back-on-ai-slowdown-jeremy-allaire-tomasz-tunguz-william-layden-justin-beroz-eli-wachs-sean-mccarthy-tom-mueller
Datum: 2026-09-17
Länge: ~142k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

TBPN Live - Third Party Evaluators, Fed Hikes Rates, Zuck Pushes Back On AI Slowdown | Jeremy Allaire, Tomasz Tunguz, William Layden, Justin Beroz, Eli Wachs, Sean McCarthy, Tom Mueller Transcript and Discussion

Home

Transcribe From URL

Pricing

Brand Intelligence

Podcasts

Categories

About

Contact

Submit Podcast

Single Podcast

Multiple/All Podcasts

Search through episodes of a specific podcast.

Select Podcast

Clear Selection

TBPN Live

Loading...

Basic Search

Advanced Search

Episode Title Search

Search Keywords

Exact Match

Date Filter (Optional)

No Date Filter

Before

After

Between

Search

Transcribe From Audio/Video Link

Home

TBPN Live

Third Party Evaluators, Fed Hikes Rates, Zuck Pushes Back On AI Slowdown | Jeremy Allaire, Tomasz Tunguz, William Layden, Justin Beroz, Eli Wachs, Sean McCarthy, Tom Mueller

Technology

Share

TBPN Live - Third Party Evaluators, Fed Hikes Rates, Zuck Pushes Back On AI Slowdown | Jeremy Allaire, Tomasz Tunguz, William Layden, Justin Beroz, Eli Wachs, Sean McCarthy, Tom Mueller

Episode Date: September 16, 2026

(00:52) - Third Party Evaluators (14:00) - Fed Hikes Rates (18:47) - Zuck Pushes Back On AI Slowdown (37:44) - Kalshi's AI Compute Market Closed (49:45) - Jeremy Allaire discusses Circle’s

...

Read less

Transcript

Discussion

(0)

You're watching TV at the end.

It's Wednesday.

September 16th, 2026.

The Temple of Technology, the Fortress of Finance, the capital of capital.

Time is money.

Save both.

He's to use corporate cards, bill pay, accounting, and a whole lot more all in one place.

Is that even going to happen?

I don't think so.

I don't think that's going to happen.

I think you already stripped the, strip the geese.

years off that one. That's rough. Well, we have a fantastic show for you today, folks. I made it to San

Francisco and back since the last show. This is a new thing. I like this. We're able to get out

from the show, go do something in San Francisco, get back. Very excited. Why didn't you want to stay?

I don't know. I like doing the show. It's pretty simple. Good to be here in the TBPN Ultrodome.

We have a great show. We have a bunch of great folks coming on the show. What was on my mind last night?

I was listening to China Talk.

Jordan Schneider was talking about evaluators,

third party evaluators.

And I was noticing this discourse around like it feels like we funneled into like very clear camps super,

super quickly.

And it feels like, I don't know, too calcified for how fast it happened.

Like the Dario essay comes out and, you know, he throws out meter, says he's bringing in meter.

And the backlash is like a media at the New York Post is crashing out.

saying like these are hand-picked AI watchdogs.

Martin Casado, Martin Casado over at A16Z,

he's pushing for the Department of Energy.

He's like full nationalization now.

And, you know, both of those have their advantages, disadvantages.

They both do good work.

They are the extremes.

And so I was just sort of wondering a few things.

Like, first is like what other regulatory bodies can actually work?

How do they work in other industries?

It's very interesting because the revolving door is something that's common.

Like in financial regulation, you get people that work at banks, and then they go and work

at the regulator, and then they go back and forth.

I mean, this is the story of the many people in the crypto industry where the regulators

who are regulating it, they go back and forth.

Like revolving doors exist, but I think the pushback to meter is very much, like,

the door is like too revolving.

or it's too close, I guess.

But the more interesting question to me is, is, you know.

Yeah, the defensive meter is that I don't know many groups that are qualified at all

to even to even understand what's going on at the frontier, right?

And so is that true, though?

I see, that's the thing I disagree with.

I would say that there's, there are not that many groups that have been this invested in,

understanding frontier model behavior for this long.

That's a separate thing, though.

It's just a small group right now.

That's a separate thing.

So I think there's two separate things.

There's one which is like super forecasting, seeing the future, predicting what's going

to happen.

I think that's important.

I think taking that seriously is important.

But then there's the other side, which is like doing the work, reading the logs and

being like, this violated this rule, this hack happened, here's how it happened.

And I think that those are actually two separate disciplines, two separate jobs.

And you can just tell the regulator if it's someone.

You don't need to tell, like if you hire someone and they are able to get up to speed on how these systems work and evaluate them and look at logs of different incidents, see what's happening, assess the risk level, assess the liabilities.

If you can get those people up to speed and you can just be like, it is your mandate to take this seriously.

And the example that I'm pulling from is like, you can be 22 years old, not grab up to.

graduate from college, go into the Navy, enlist in the Navy, not even in the officer training

program, and in 18 months you can be responsible for the security of a nuclear power plant

on a summer. You do six months, I actually looked it up. You do six months in nuclear

field A school, about six months of nuclear power school, and then six months of hands-on prototype

training before arriving in the fleet. Nuclear power school covers math, nuclear physics, reactor

principles, health physics, materials, thermodynamics, electrical systems, and reactor technology.

There's no part of that that's like you need to really, at a deep level, understand that, like,

nuclear annihilation is bad and could happen.

Like, you don't need to be able to forecast out, like, well, what happens if China and geopolitics

and Iran gets the bomb and then these people and then Pakistan?

Like, you don't have to understand that to just know, like, don't let it blow up.

That's your job.

Here's how you don't let that happen.

We've created a plan for you.

you're 22 years old,

but we know that you can do this job

and you are enlisted to do this job

and it doesn't matter if you think nuclear war is impossible

or doesn't matter if you think it's going to happen tomorrow.

Your P-Doom on nuclear is completely irrelevant

to you doing this job, right?

Yeah.

And I think that that's something that is maybe being missed here a little bit.

There's like, well, you have to take it seriously.

You have to have seen it coming.

And I actually think that like super forecasting,

super important, awesome,

also just like fun, read.

really cool. And if you take it seriously, you make a lot of money, you work on interesting stuff,

you get amazing technology. There's so many things that come downstream of that that are

really, really positive and really important. But I don't necessarily know that it's actually

a prerequisite. And then the other thing is, yeah, Tyler. I mean, like, meter, they're not

the ones putting out those forecasts, though. That's like, those are other groups. If you look at,

like, meter research, it's like, you know, very complicated benchmarks and like these kinds

totally, totally. Yeah, I'm sort of collapsing the meter criticism from like the New York Post

perspective yeah and and I think that is overall I think it generally people are going to like if

if if there's a third-party regulator it seems like it has to be an entirely net new group

because I don't think anyone has like what whether or not meter could be operating and their

actions could reflect that of a fully independent group but the financing structure the

of the various parties there just makes it so that people don't have any trust that they would act like that.

Sure. The interesting thing is that there is actually a distinction in the history of nuclear regulation, which is there's a difference between advisors in the, before the NRC was the Atomic Energy Commission.

and the AEC was created to oversee nuclear development,

and many of the scientists who did forecast the importance of riskiness

of the technology were involved.

Interestingly, like Einstein writes this letter and says, like, nuclear war,

he basically, you know, like, describes, like, what nuclear annihilation could look like.

There's a whole bunch of other scientists that actually run the numbers,

and they're like, this is what could happen if all the nuclear bombs go off.

They do all the calculations.

There's some that go a little bit too far.

But in general, like the scientists,

were the ones who got to it earlier, but the scientists didn't actually wind up being the regulators.

They wound up being the advisors.

So Oppenheimer became the chair of the AEC's general advisory committee, which had enormous influence,

but didn't actually issue licenses.

So the actual work that was being done, it was like, okay, Oppenheimer in this advisory role

says, well, we need to have a security guard here with a gun that makes sure that no one

can steal the nuclear material, right?

But he's not the one doing it.

He's not the one actually hiring that person.

That's just like an engineer who's qualified for that job.

And I think that actually takes a lot off of it,

because you could say, oh, there's all these conflicts of interest here or there or there, whatever.

But if you just say, well, they're just putting out a proposal that then people are going to go and implement.

But then the actual people that are doing the implementation are much less conflicted because they're just drawn from the broad pool of engineers and scientists and mathematicians and physicists and

whoever else we have in America who can do this type of work,

it gets a lot less complicated, in my mind.

There's a whole bunch of other interesting details from the AEC history.

Enrico Fermi and Glenn Seaborg became committee members,

with Seaborg later becoming the chairman of the AEC itself,

of course, Fermi from the Fermi paradox, famous scientists,

very interested in like forecasting, seeing the future,

understand the implications of things.

but again becomes committee members, not actual regulators, not actual licensors.

And then Edward Teller is sort of like the most accelerationist because he was advocating for the development of the hydrogen bomb.

But he ultimately became the chairman of AEC's reactor safety committee talking about how to actually secure reactors in particular.

But again, not actually on the team regulating staffing working on this directly.

And so today, the regulators, like nuclear regulators are talented and hardworking,

but these are not, like, the most elite jobs.

Like, you can just be a nuclear engineer, mechanical engineer, material scientists, physicists, health physicist,

geologists, probabilistic risk analysts, cybersecurity professionals they hire for this,

emergency preparedness, they hire lawyers, they hire inspectors, pay for some of these jobs

ranges between $125,000 and $187,000 for many NRC technical systems.

staff roles. So like once the machinery, the machinery did have to get sort of described by the

scientists, but then the implementation of that machine, of that regulatory structure is actually

done by really hardworking, really talented Americans, but not heading the clouds, not

thinking about the future in some, you know, bizarre way, that's enough to happen at the

democratic level. And then it gets implemented. And I think that that might might eliminate a little

bit of this like, oh, okay, well, like, this person who's really tied to you is now, like,

inside actually the one with the keys, the one with the, with the role overseeing you.

I don't know. What do you think about this, Tyler? You have some pushback? Yeah, I mean,

like, I know that Casey, the Center for AI Standards Innovation, like, I think that they've

had a hard time, like, staffing. Being funded, yeah. Yeah. So it's like, like, they're having a

hard time, like, finding people who will come, like, from the labs. Maybe they should just broaden who

they're looking for. But it seems like it's still, like, the, the, the, the, the, the, the,

The ways that we detect if a model is safe or not are not set in stone yet.

Like, it's still like that's what the role of meter.

That's kind of what they're doing right now.

So I think it is still different than like, you know, there are predetermined accounting practices

and you can just kind of check the box and like follow the rules.

Yeah, it's still like it's still like a moving field, you know.

Yeah, yeah.

And I mean, there is there is the question of like with particularly with like agent swarms

perpetrating cybersecurity violations that don't directly cause economic harm.

Like, I didn't tell it to hack you.

It hacked you, but it didn't knock your payment system offline.

So you didn't lose a dollar revenue.

It's, like, very hard for you to prove that I acted wrong and then also economic damages.

So there's a whole new level of, like, you know, tort battles that need to be battled out in the court of law to see, like, what exactly do I owe you?

because I shouldn't have done that, but what do I owe you?

What's the damage?

What's the problem there?

And then you can go and say, okay, well, you know, how do we measure that?

How do we prevent that?

And how do we work through that?

But the discourse is getting like more and more and more polarizing by the day.

We'll see.

I think there will be the big sit down between the lab leaders.

I wonder how important it will be to have Jensen with a big.

beer alongside Sam, Dario, Elon with beers.

I mean, as the clear proposal, there's going to be beers involved.

That's what we know from the interviews.

Everyone's asking, why can't they just sit down and get beer?

Six months of those could have been on the Cheeky Point podcast.

It really should.

That is sort of neutral ground, too, because Elon's an investor in Stripe.

What happened there?

Elon's an investor in Stripe.

He's a co-founder of OpenAI, and Sam's, I think, an investor in Stripe.

and then Elon's working with Dario on compute stuff.

So maybe Cheeky Pine is like the perfect Neutrigon.

I think it'll probably be on national TV, actually.

But we shall see.

We'll follow it here.

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agent deploy web app service databases and more

while Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

And we can move on to the timeline.

We can move on to other.

Quickly jumping in, we have a...

Rate hike.

Yes.

Tell me about it.

Warsh hiked 25 dips.

Okay.

This was...

First time in three years.

Price in.

Cal she had it, I think, at like 89% this morning, so not a huge surprise.

I wanted to head over to Joe Wisenthal's feed and just kind of read his reaction if he has one.

Well, you pull that up.

I'll give you the highlights from the Wall Street Journal.

The NASDAQ react positively up six point...

0.67 percent. This is Wall Street Journal. They need a JavaScript plug in that changes it to 0.669 or something.

Most officials penciled in one more increase this year. An energy shock and a surge of AIA investment

have reshaped the inflation outlook. We talked about the Fed interest rates yesterday a lot,

but the Federal Reserve raised interest rates Wednesday for the first time in three years, a sharp

reversal that began taking back cuts as it made last year implicit and implicitly undercut

the White House's insistence that inflation is not a concern. The Fed is saying it kind of isn't

a concern. The increase approved unanimously will raise the benchmark Fed funds rate by a quarter

point to between three and three quarters point and four percent. The vast majority of officials

penciled in more, more, one more hike this year in interest rate projections released after meeting

so they think there's going to be more rate hikes.

Chairman Kevin Warsh vowed shortly after taking office in May

to end an overshoot of the Fed's 2% target now in its sixth year

and followed through with an increase that had been widely anticipated in recent days.

The rate hikes scrambled an account of the White House had offered

of the man tapped by the president for the job in January.

Trump and his allies had cast pressure to raise rates as coming from,

a committee hostile to Warsh, who last year said he would have cut rates sooner than the Fed

ultimately did. It also followed a lost year in the Fed's inflation fight. The central bank

has made no progress towards this 2% goal since mid-2020, including after cutting rates three

times last year to guard against labor market slowdown. Instead, the Iran war has lifted energy

prices and the AI boom has driven an investment surge that has buoyed the economy and markets

Today, policy action will support a timely return to the committee's 2% gold.

The rates that the committee said in a policy statement, analysts said that despite intense focus

of late on monthly inflation data, the biggest change to the outlook has come from a run-up in

energy and commodity prices.

It's the fact that the war in Iran has re-intensified and the energy price shock is getting

bigger again, said William Dudley, the former New York Fed president.

What you got from you, Jordi?

I was just reading through a bunch of different reactions on Bloomberg itself.

Let me pull them back up.

But they have a live blog.

Some people are saying this is more hawkish than expected, given that the Fed took away next year's cut.

What else?

Big changes in the dot plot line, the Fed's September dot plot.

We now have four officials expecting to raise rates two more times.

Two more times.

Did it previously just been one at that line?

level, a whopping 12 policymakers see rates going up once more before the end of the year and the remaining two see holding rates at their new 3.75 to 4% level.

A reminder that in June, the last time we got these forecasts, half of the committee expected the Fed to hold or cut rates.

And again, it looks like Warsh did not submit a dot.

So he's going dotless here.

Kind of a statement in itself.

Yeah, it's so, I mean,

So far, the AI trade, the buildout, everything has been overwhelming, even in the face of headwinds, like rising rates.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, the mood from Silicon Valley was like, we're definitely not booming until we go back to zero interest rates.

Like, this whole tech thing, it only works when the interest rates are zero.

So, like, we'll just wait it out.

Yeah.

And the reality is there was a bunch of ideas.

and investing styles that only worked when rates were near zero.

But yeah,

it was specifically when you look at the companies that really boomed in that era,

there wasn't a lot of net new,

like really truly innovative stuff outside of financial products,

which benefited from low rates.

Yeah.

Some of them benefit from high rates, though, right?

If it's like a savings product that spreads higher.

But if they have to borrow a lot of debt,

potentially, but again, I'm thinking of,

of lending companies like pipe, right?

Pipe was a company that at the time went from, you know,

incorporation to billion.

I forget what their peak valuation was.

But.

And it makes a lot of sense because they're basically borrowing at 0%

and they're lending to a company at 5% or something.

You know, whatever their spread is like is actually justifiable

to an earlier piece of the market.

But that's what it breaks down when you have to go to a company

and say, hey, you want money at 12% or something?

something like that for an early stage company.

Well, let's head over to Who Man, who's...

Shopify is a commerce platform that grows with your business

and lets you sell in seconds online, in store,

on mobile, on social, on marketplaces,

and now with AI agents.

Who Man says, Daria, we should pump the brakes on the frontier.

Sam, yeah, let's all slow down together.

Meanwhile, Zuck.

The funny thing is, yeah, I mean...

Let's talk about what Zuck wrote.

He said, last month I read about how we can build a positive

and safe future for everyone.

This is when Zuck said,

I really want people to understand my values

before we come out with our most powerful AI ever.

And I at least felt like we already had a good understanding

of Zuck's values.

But he wrote yesterday,

every lab has the responsibility and incentive

to move at the pace required to train its model safely

and the ability to take its own actions

to ensure that happens.

The reality is people don't want to use

agents that are misaligned with them and don't do what they ask.

So labs have a strong natural incentive to make their models more aligned.

Right away, you know, starting out with this point, it's like this is not the, this is not the,

no one, the safety debate has not been sort of like around the idea of, oh, they're going to

create personal agents that are going to be misaligned to the users.

Like this, no, this is not at all.

Well, this is just a point that doesn't matter.

No, no, I mean, there is, there is a, like, it's not the safety crowd, but the whole, like, social media is brain rod, addiction.

And, like, that is something that there is a separate crowd that does critique that and says, like, I don't want the addictive flywheel of maximizing screen time to be brought to AI.

It's totally separate debate.

Yeah, no, I agree.

I agree.

It's not, it's not the true AI safety debate.

Yeah.

But it is a debate.

There is a lot of debate about slowing progress on capabilities until alignment catches up.

My view is that trust and alignment are quickly becoming the most important capabilities that will differentiate.

Again, this is not relevant to the current safety debate.

Obviously, people want to make products that do what their customers want them to do.

No one has been worried that you can't make a model that in the near term or in the medium term or even over long-running tasks can't.

generally do what the user wants.

The concern is that if you leave models and give them a task that is more expansive,

that they can start to do things like hacking, hugging face, right?

So again, nobody is sitting here saying...

The main thing is that this is talking past the X-risk question.

It is completely dismissing discussion, which Darya is like laser-focused on.

And so this feels like it's a rebuttal, but it's actually like talking past it in the sense.

that he's like, labs face significant liability.

And it's like, well, in the extra scenario, the liability doesn't matter.

That's the whole point is that like no one's going to come and.

And here's the best, here's the best line.

Meta delayed shipping muse for several months to focus on safety and security.

That's actually very rational and important because every company delays their products for months.

That's just called building a good product.

Okay.

To make it safe and secure.

Like, period.

This is what meta's been doing forever.

You have to do it.

You have billions of users.

You got to make sure they're safe and secure.

Every single product.

Again, I felt like he was...

But you...

There's a lot of things in here that are rational.

He's taking a victory lap, but not taking a victory lap.

Don't you realize that?

He says, we didn't call for everyone else to do this before we would.

We just did it as part of our day-to-day work because it was clearly the right thing to do.

And again, every single company already does all of these things.

Every single company that makes a product already does this.

But all the other companies take victory laps while they're doing it.

He's taking a very thing.

victory lap for not taking a victory lap. It's not that complicated. He says, everyone else says, like,

we're taking safety seriously. We want a pat on the back before we delay the product. And he's saying,

I want the pat on the back after I delay the product. Yeah. I just think it's, I just think it's very,

there's a lot of back patting going on. I just think it's, I think it's, I just think it's, uh,

very funny to, I think it's funny how much all these points are, are fine.

They generally are rational and they make sense.

Yeah.

But I think it's funny that people are giving him so much credit for this note,

given that he's totally missing the main point that everyone else is focused on.

X risk?

Like intentionally missing the point.

Because he doesn't believe it.

He is peeping a zero.

In order to get, in order to get, in order to get brownie points from people that don't even understand the current debate.

No, to get brownie points from other people that have.

a PDU of zero who are like, yeah. And you can see who's supporting this. They're like, yeah,

thank you. Like just put the, put the agents in the bag, you know, make the tokens free and just

make the products. Like, I'm not worried about that at all. And for that crowd, they're like,

thank goodness, you didn't like fall in the hole of like stooping to this P-Doom debate that I don't

take seriously. That's the side. I just wish that he would come out and say, I have a P-Dume of

zero. That's what he's saying. No, he's not. He's not. He's trying to position. He's saying,

my view like that's what he's saying that's not that's not he's not being explicit about that he's

trying to let people say we care a lot about safety we slowed down our development because we care

about safety trust and alignment are important yeah right he should definitely come out and say

pdum zero because if it's not zero and it happens and we all go extinct no one's going to be able

to dunk on him right so it's actually pure upside pure upside to be p doom zero guy why has no one

considered this. The aura gain is so high. Yeah, I would, I would be, I would respect it a lot if he just

came out and said what he actually thinks, which I, I do believe you're right.

P-dum zero. Which I, he has a P-dum of zero and his P-abundance is high. I mean, that's what he said

in the, in the, in the previous essay. He was basically like, I don't think the, he, he, he even,

he even was gesturing towards like the fear-based marketing, the doom-based marketing is just a

marketing tactic. I don't think it's rational. And also, I don't think it's good for people to be in

that headspace. Yeah. And it's like info happens. Here's the thing. One of the last lines,

committing the significant majority of compute towards serving people rather than racing towards

recursive self-improvement is one of the best ways to ensure up we develop this technology

safely. Meta has made this commitment and other labs can do this as well. Look, like you,

there's absolutely zero shot that Zach walks into MSL and like gather,

researchers and says, look, I don't want to make models that make our models better.

I don't want to do it.

I want you guys just focus.

Like, that there's zero, zero chance.

So again, like this to me is just like he is being disingenuous with his positioning of almost

every single point here.

I don't know.

I do think that there is a tradeoff right now between making models good at things that are not on the RSI path.

and those that are.

And so, like, the race to become really, really good at coding

is super aligned with RSI.

The race to do image generation is not.

And image generation does not seem to be on the RSI critical path.

Although, I think DeepMind put out something

where they're using world models

and they think they have a breakthrough there.

I don't know if I saw that accurately.

But maybe they're wrong,

but at least like the bet at least Anthropic

has been like, we don't need to be world class

at image generation to get where we want to go

because we just need to be really good at coding.

Coding teaches us, teaches the model

how to train new models, and then we get,

and then that final model, we can ask it to spin

up an image generator if we want.

Zuck is saying the opposite.

He's saying like, yeah, we will actually go and try

and build a tool just to help you book

a dinner reservation, and that's a good use of

compute, probably not on the RSI path.

and that's like a reasonable trade-off.

That feels real to me.

I don't know.

What do you think about engaging independent evaluators?

Is this like...

Yeah, and again.

He says it's already industry best practice.

Is he talking about benchmark stuff?

Or is he talking about like actually like the, you have Slack access, you have a desk,

you have a badge, like you don't work here, but you're allowed to just go wherever you want.

I think that that's the next step.

And I think he's maybe talking past that a little bit.

Yeah.

And he's talking past this again, engaging independent evaluators and advisors is industry best practice.

MSL already does this today in several areas because it helps produce better work.

Other labs can just do this too.

It's like other labs also do that too, also do that already.

Well, as of last week, Anthropic does this with meter.

Like they said that they were going to do that immediately.

So they were doing badge and slap access.

I know, but he's not saying that he's doing that.

He's saying that he's doing the thing.

He's saying that he's doing the thing that every group that's making model has been doing for the most part.

In the prior era.

For a long time.

But the new thing is badge and Slack access and desk, even though you don't work at the company.

And that's what everyone's like, whoa, that's crazy because these organizations are very, very secretive.

And you're really going to let this nonprofit come in.

It's like sort of a wild move.

And that's why people are like, oh, wait a little, like, how aligned are they?

And like, what's the knock on implication?

Like, can these people not leak?

Can they not, can they be trusted?

Are they going to go to a cocktail party and be like, oh, yeah, the new model is actually really bad or whatever?

Like, there's so many things that are, like, like, meta deals with leaks all the time.

And so the prospect of bringing in a non-employee who is there explicitly to whistleblow effectively and, like, is allowed to talk about anything and, like, is, you know, third party evaluator.

Like, that is a huge step.

And I think that's why people are like, whoa, this is a big deal.

this is a big proposal.

Like, if this was not a big thing,

if Anthropic was just like, oh, yeah,

we're going to do a benchmark with meter.

Everyone would be like, yeah, that's fine.

Cool.

Do that for sure.

Awesome.

But like people are like, wow, okay, like meter is going to have a slack access at Anthropic.

And you're asking other people to do that.

Like, that's, we got to know who these people are.

We got to make sure that this is like the right team for this.

This is sort of a crazy thing.

This is sort of unprecedented.

This doesn't happen a lot.

Like, this is new.

And so, yeah, the newness is not.

embraced here. And I think that's a little bit of like, okay, you're not really engaging

with like what's coming down the pipe, which is like maybe a government employee in your

building. That's not happening right now. Maybe a nonprofit from Berkeley. Do you like that?

Mark? How do you feel about that? Are you cool? It seems like you're cool with it, but I don't

know if you're actually going to be cool with it. Because it is a little wild, right? It's a different

thing. It's a new thing, but it's a modern. Pull up this image.

What image are we pull it up?

to see John's reaction.

Okay.

seriously.

They've got stocks, options, bombs, crypto treasuries, and more with great customer service.

Here we go, John.

Let me see.

Boom.

This meme's been applied to like seven different people this week.

I know, but I think it's particularly relevant because you have Elon, Demis, Dario, Sam,

all, you know, all these people from different factions that are at ordn.

I've seen this applied to Theo.

I've seen this applied to Cohere.

I've seen this applied to DeepMind and Gemini.

I've seen this people play MSL.

People are just, whatever shot they want to take, they're applying this.

It's not, it's too broad at this point.

There's people.

I think it's the inverse.

It's all clowns and there's one tactical soldier.

There's groups that are at the frontier.

They're on the battlefield.

And they're deeply concerned.

Yeah.

And you have Zuck coming in here saying, yeah, like, I built a cool personal agent.

It's aligned.

What's there to worry about?

Nothing to worry about.

Yeah.

It's just you're not really in, you're not really on the battlefield yet.

And I'm not saying with watermelon, they can't get there.

And Muse seems like it's, and Muse is getting amazing reviews.

It seems like an amazing product.

And that's very exciting.

but I think it's just, again, I thought the whole post was silly, just like I thought the last post was silly.

Nick Carter liked the post. He said Zuck pretty handily dismantles Dario's talking points here.

People want models that are aligned with them. Suddenly punches back at Anthropics' normative constitutional approach.

Labs already face liability if they screw up. So incentives to release align models is already baked in.

Meta delayed muse for alignment reasons. Suddenly questions Anthropic trying to king make meter.

implies meter is an anthropic patsy.

Meter, meta doesn't need to coordinate with anyone to work on alignment.

Just something lab should naturally do.

But Mark Chen from the top rope, according to Kevin Roos, says there aren't race dynamics off the frontier.

And it's a war on the timeline.

Again, it all comes down to like there is absolutely zero shot that Zuck doesn't want to get to RSI yesterday.

And is doing.

I thought he said that they were working on RSI.

I thought that was like announced as like a explicit goal maybe three to six months ago.

He was like super intelligence RSI.

And again, like I just feel like it's not unique to Zuck.

Many, many leaders operate like this.

But he's what he will say whatever the pick me thing is at that time.

It would be more aggressive to be like, I'm P doom zero and I'm racing to RSI.

like I'm P-Doom Zero and I'm racing to RSI and all these other people I'll see on the other side brother

Meta he said in August 10th 2026 meta must must build out a sufficiently large amount of

compute that we can allocate enough to recursive software proof yeah yeah they're doing RSI

they're doing RSI everyone's trying to I mean RSI can also mean so many things you can mean

And yeah, you looked up, you summarized some archive papers for new strategies.

Like the automated research intern is in part an RSI initiative.

It's not the final RSI loop, the closed loop RSI that people are really worried about.

But it's all gradations of this.

What does David Sacks think about this?

I imagine that he's a fan.

He says Mark Zuckerberg.

He just quotes it.

He says, meta-delayed shipping muse for several months.

focus on safety. Yeah, Sax is very much like, if you want to slow down, go right ahead.

And so he is, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's fine with that.

All right. Anyway, uh, the reviews for music is, yeah, yeah. So I, let me, let me say,

let me say this, because I've been, I've been a little harsh. Yeah. The people, people,

People genuinely love Muse.

I think it seems to be a great product.

The race between Muse and Instinct is already quite exciting.

Naraj says my wife tells me Muse is good in quote,

for the girlies.

Yeah, that's extremely bullish.

Extremely bullish.

But yeah, I mean, insane distribution advantage.

I think it's...

Yeah.

Let's see where it's out on the charts.

Number three.

Some, we got it, Nick, we got to get this company Vinted on here.

I just do not.

I've brought it up like a million times.

Yeah.

It's like you have the most insane AI race, gambling race, short form drama race.

And Vinted is always in the top five.

Wow.

Just like a secondhand clothes retailer competing with like a million other secondhand clothes retailers.

Yeah, but they're dominating.

Vinted.

There we go.

Like, META is like pouring every, pouring, pouring billions of eyeballs into growing,

Muse and Vented is...

Didn't...

Didn't Gemini and Google

announce a personal agent at I.O.

This year?

Where did that go?

Because that...

It's very odd that...

Gemini has so...

Like, yes, the distribution advantage

from meta platforms is significant,

but a lot of people are on Android.

A lot of people already have

Gmail and Google Calendar, and they have Google Maps, and they have the phone number of every

business.

And so when you think about booking restaurant reservations doing all this different stuff,

you would think that that product would have gotten more traction.

But I feel like Gemini personal agent did not go through the same hype cycle that

that Muse is currently on.

Gemini Spark.

It died on the vine.

Yeah, what happened with, wait, they call it Spark?

Is that, but isn't it Muse Spark?

Yeah.

And CodexChap.

And Codex Spark.

Everyone's calling it.

She uses it.

No, yeah.

It's mostly just using Gemini and toggling.

Okay.

Yeah.

It hasn't had the most breakout things.

There are some killer muse use cases.

I mean, everyone's talking about booking reservations.

Summising Heels.

I'm at I.O. And they couldn't describe

what it did. No one knows.

The world's most mysterious.

It's the most mysterious agent yet.

But they got to have something soon coming.

And I do feel like the Gemini distribution,

like they still have a pretty significant share of the chat market,

pops up in your email, and it says, oh, here, you can just email this thing.

And, you know, maybe another Gemini tab that I can open.

I can open three if I'm in Gmail and Chrome and pull them all open.

I don't know.

What happened to the Kulshi AI price tracker?

Do you see this?

We talked to Terrick when this launched.

And I was like, oh, this is cool.

This will allow you to understand, like, you know, basically a proxy for the AI buildout.

Like, how are GPUs trading?

Band.

Band, apparently.

before we get into this, I'll tell you about Figma.

Agents, meet the Candace. Your AI agents can now create and modify your Figma files with design system context.

So this is from Semaphore.

And do we have this open here?

The U.S. Commerce Department last month ordered call sheet to take down one of its products tracking the price of AI compute

the crucial power from data centers that's driving the artificial intelligence.

boom, if you didn't know what AI compute was.

The commerce official said of national security concerns, and that's what stuck out to me.

I was like, there's so many different prediction markets that I can easily trace through.

Like, oh, you have a flight delay one, and you could have somebody that calls in and tries to get the flight delayed.

That could be very disruptive.

FAA could have a problem with that.

But this one, I wasn't worried about it all.

We talked to TARC about it, and we were like, yeah, this one seems.

sort of informative and interesting.

So the product pulls together data from several markets that allow users to bet on the cost to rent Nvidia chips

to create an overall picture of where AI compute costs are heading, call sheet quietly complied,

though many of the underlying markets remain open for trading.

Separately, Commerce has pushed the Commodities Futures Trading Commission,

which oversees prediction in future markets to effectively freeze approval of new compute contracts for 60 days.

And so even though some of the contracts are still open and will close, maybe in 60 days, there won't be any compute prediction market futures, which is very interesting.

The call she declined to comment, while a commerce spokesperson said the department, quote, has never once asked Colchie to take down this market or any other markets.

Interesting.

So the commerce spokesperson said, this story is false to semaphore, so lots of people going back and forth.

It's unclear why commerce is worried about the nascent market, which aims to do for AI computing what oil.

futures do for crude, let buyers and sellers of compute lock-in prices and give traders a way to

bet on where those prices go.

Now, the markets were always a little thin.

You know, these new markets, they tend to be sort of thin, and they tend to be more speculative,

just people that are trading them on vibes or news, not necessarily used by the actual

companies.

Like, you know, oil futures, those will be actually employed in treasury strategies by, like, airlines.

And they, and like, big, big firms will trade those inside.

But that was what Kalshi and Tark were pitching as like where this all goes.

I was a little skeptical that it would wind up on Kalshi.

I thought that they could have a decent chunk of the market,

but I thought a lot of it might just go to insurance companies and reinsurance companies

and sort of like the traditional financial rails that do these types of deals.

But nevertheless, it's going away and let's figure out why.

One potential reason floated to semaphore by market participants is that compute futures

could be manipulated to show a sharp drop in the cost of older chips, which might destabilize

AI stocks and debt markets.

Some of these markets are thinly traded, which could lead to volatility even without bad

actors.

So you're trying to wipe out situational awareness.

You're short the Kalshi prediction markets on AI compute futures.

Everyone thinks, oh, AI is bust.

The market trades down for a couple days.

You clean up, and then you buy back in or something like that.

that's what the rumor is here that some of course reporting on.

The cost of compute has become one of the most important numbers in the U.S. economy.

One side of the debate fears that older chips, which serve as collateral for billions of dollars,

borrowing by Neo Clouds.

Neocloud, fun fact, coinage by semi-analysis.

I didn't know that's where it came from, but they actually, they didn't just rank them all with ClusterMax.

They actually coined the term, Neocloud.

It had a rude name beforehand, which I didn't realize.

You can go look it up.

I'm not going to say it.

But on the other, on the other, our concerns from big companies adopting AI that shortages of power and infrastructure will send prices of token soaring.

That uncertainty has given rise to futures market that was starting to take off this summer.

The CFTC's 60A pause could delay plans by exchange operators like CME and NYSE parent intercontinental exchange, along with upstarts like architectural financial technologies to list two-sided betting parlors.

Interesting.

We'll pull up the next story.

Critical infrastructure for the AI era.

Unlock seamless real-time experiences and new value with Cisco.

Where you want to go next?

Zach.

Okay.

Yet Agari is back.

Where do we know him from?

He says Cal AI.

Cal AI.

Been on the show.

Yeah.

He says everyone's been asking what's next after selling Cal AI, introducing persona.

Others couldn't figure out the interface.

We did.

Let's pull up the video.

We got to ask Zach how his deal work to sell CalliI

Because he seemingly had to stay for like a week

Like he ended up however he worked it out

He basically just got to bail immediately

You can't keep this guy out of the arena

You can't get him on the sidelines as impossible

Yeah and CalliI is the number for fitness app still

Cooking yeah so good

Yeah let's play this video

Every major AI company is racing to build the best assistant

but they're all building within the same 2x6 inch rectangle we wear in our pockets every day.

We believe AI is supposed to free us from our screens, not make us use them more.

So we built a new interface, introducing persona and the persona band.

To talk to your persona, simply flick your wrist or hold down on the face, then ask anything.

Hey, can you ask Mac how many pre-orders we got today?

Sir, I just emailed Mac. I'll let you know his reply.

Your persona will proactively learn your habits to make your life easier.

For example, when you get off a flight, it should know to get you an Uber from the airport to your hotel.

Reactively, it will be able to help with all kinds of things like canceling subscriptions, negotiating bills,

or even door-dashing your usual Chipotle label, knowing exactly what you like.

Elite.

Pursona is also the only AI system.

Wait, it's the predictive burrito.

It's what the door-dash guy was talking about.

They ordered the barita before you even know.

He's actually building it.

Privacy for your and those around used data.

This isn't a continuous listening band.

The microphone will only activate under your control.

Oh, and you turn your wrist.

We are watching with three different materials and four different colors.

Pre-order your band and start texting your persona today.

I've seen enough time for Zok to come in with the five-year offer.

Yeah.

Pretty good pitch.

A little bit harder.

to get people who install it, right?

Because they got to buy it, wait for it to ship.

A little bit of a barrier entry.

But also, I just love these AI devices.

Look at Pocket.

Cool.

Yeah.

Pocket really worked.

Yeah, I don't know.

This is, he's going to really blow this thing up.

I have a feeling.

This is going to be big.

That's cool.

What a prompter say?

Never bet against a guy who managed to sell a calorie tracking GPT wrapper,

which in no way could have possibly been accurate,

calculating macros for 100 million.

No, he is a master.

of growth and and scale and just like if you look at if you look at the the charts right now

Cal AI is number four the company that bought Cal AI is number nine wow yeah I mean that's a good

that's a good growth team doesn't he also have another company eco GPT or something is that not him

no no that's his co-founder got it okay but yeah so I'm I'm still yeah we Tyler yeah we

Tyler, pre-order one of these.

Oh, yeah.

I'll definitely do that.

Put it on the ramp.

So, yeah, I'm excited to check it out.

I'm still not, I'm still overall not convinced that I need a new device.

Like, there has to be something.

Yeah.

Like, a lot of the demo was screenshots of the phone.

Yeah.

And so, and I do spend time away from my phone, but I'm typically,

in the water.

Is it waterproof?

Can you wear that while you're surfing?

You said you had a brilliant idea while you were surfing,

needed to hold it in your head the old way before you got back to your phone.

Like an idiot.

Using your brain.

No, it really does feel like a wave of new devices is coming online in the war for the home device.

I mean, you can see the battle between Apple and meta reemerging with Mews,

like how deep will they be able to go before Apple pushes back?

Every other firm is working on hardware, the meta glasses.

The meta glasses with Mews should act very similarly, right?

You have an agent, you can talk to it, you can do some of the similar actions.

The trick is like people don't wear the glasses all the time, whereas a wristband, like a whoop, people wear that all the time.

and he seems very in tune with, I don't know, just like the obvious pushback, like calling out that it's not listening all the time.

Yeah.

Like there are just people that would just like forget about that.

And it's like, it's very obvious.

Yeah, I'm just using the burrito example, I'm struggling to see when I would need a burrito but wouldn't be near my phone.

Mm-hmm.

It's more just like if you don't, if it's faster.

Like people just do anything that's faster.

That's how we got to phones.

It's like you used to, there was a time when it was like, if you're going to shop online, you go on desktop.

I'm not saying like the overall form factor is bad, but if you had the ability to just hit a big button and talk to the persona app and say, order me the usual from Chipotle, it's not like the band is necessarily faster if your phone is sitting right there.

Yeah.

I wonder how fast they're going to update Siri because it feels like.

No, it is, it is so funny to me that Apple is finally coming out.

their knowledge retrieval, knowledge retrieval, LLM chat app.

And right, literally right before they could really get it out to the public,

there's like a whole new paradigm of agents that are,

you can just tell it's going to take Apple like two and a half years to get a beta out.

Yep.

And so again, like right as it felt like they were, oh, we're going to catch up, you know.

Will it, will it, will it?

Is there a way that the next version of Gemini is so good,

if you've talked to Gemini in Gmail, it links it.

And so when you talk to Gemini through Siri,

it knows that it's you and it can go in your email and it can email people

and text that restaurant to get the reservation.

Like, is that a fee?

I'm always interested in like how much innovation will Apple get for free

because they're partnered with Google?

Like if Google advances the model,

does that advance automatically come?

Or is Apple like,

we're buying Gemini 3.1 Flash from you?

you, thank you. We'll let you know if we want the new thing. Because if they just want

Gemini and all the progress, like there's going to be progress there, there's going to be

new capabilities, the models are going to get better, the functionality is going to get better.

I would bet that even though people were sort of...

Yeah, Google is just really, really, really struggled to make good AI products.

Yeah, I don't know. I would be surprised if they can't figure out a way to order you a burrito

in the next six months, right? Like, that's not.

not some like RSI critical thing.

It's like,

I don't know.

You think that you would think that,

uh,

having spent billions of dollars of buying windsurf that they could have a

competent code gen product.

Yeah,

haven't seen.

Yeah, it's tricky.

I don't know.

Like there's small companies that have made good coding harnesses.

Yeah.

Uh, anyway,

Your business is AI.

Their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stuff.

shops, breaches.

We have Jeremy Alleyer from Circle.

You would talk about Sam first?

Let's bring, let's bring, let's bring Jeremy Aller from Circle, co-founder, chairman, and CEO.

Back on the show. Welcome to the show, Jimmy. How you doing?

Welcome back.

Crazy week, tons of news. Let's start with Circle. Let's start with what's new in your world.

Yeah, well, so we turned on a new global operating system today called Arc.

It is an economic operating system that we've been building for two and a half years.

Hundreds of companies launch their apps and services on it.

It's being run by not just Circle, but like many of the biggest financial infrastructure

companies in the world, the people that clear the securities of the world, run the payment networks of the world, manage the assets of the world.

And so it's got everything from social trading and BFI to major payments firms and capital markets.

And we built this for AI first.

Everything is AI accessible, all the builder tools, everything.

But also we built services so that.

AI agents can use this themselves as an economic layer for transactions, for contracts, for coordinating.

And it's a big, it's a big monster.

It's the biggest, really the biggest platform launch in our history.

And we think it's a big, it's a big upgrade for the internet too.

Amazing.

A lot of people, six months ago, would be like, awesome.

It works with AI agents.

But today they'd be like, definitely don't make it work with AI agents.

That's not what we want.

How do you think about the risks and the rewards that come from enabling?

a platform to be AI agent accessible.

Sometimes they'll access things that aren't even accessible.

I mean, this is the key, right?

Yeah.

The biggest challenge with this explosion in agents is basically trust.

Yeah.

And verifiability.

Yep.

And so, you know, it turns out that cryptographic computing and these networks,

these network operating systems of cryptographic computing are built for that.

And so we've kind of created the most trusted dollar on the internet with USDC.

and these operating system layers actually have features that AI can build on top of.

So you can basically have proofs of the entities and identities behind agents.

We're actually demoing today something called ARC agent sector,

which actually allows you to have an AI agent prove the work it's done,

the data it's used, how it's done its work,

and then provide that in cryptographically provable way to the internet.

So you can have more trust and verifiability.

around what actually AI is doing.

And right now, the black box issue is the scariest thing for people out there, whether it's

inside the labs or it's actually just outed with the agents that we're building.

And so it's this convergence.

I talk about the agenic economy.

It's this convergence of these operating system for intelligence and these operating systems

for economic activity rooted in cryptographic computing, which is what these blockchain networks

really are.

And so we're building a layer that is able to begin to provide that trust and verifiability to

the agentic world. And so that's how we get comfortable with it. We need this. We can't move

forward in the agentic economy without technology like this. Are you equipped to explain to me

the history of Walmarts misadventures in payment infrastructure? I was reading on Stretecory

that they were trying to push people to debit card and ACH rails for years. And then they finally

sort of succumbed and went with a different one. And I guess I'm just,

interested in like is like is this a transformative moment for any particular sector of the economy

where you're like oh someone's going to be saving half a percent now or some big pool yeah

I mean for sure I mean look when we started circle right we have this basic idea that there could

be a protocol for dollars on the internet that the marginal cost of storing moving value just

like the marginal cost of storing moving data and information and communications went to zero

that happens with with the movement of money and now we have that like stable coin digital

dollars are now, as of January of this coming year, like legal digital dollars in the financial

system, you can move them programmatically, instantly anywhere in the world in a fraction of a

second for a fraction of a cent. And so payments and settlement becomes commoditized.

And so as you get the proliferation of wallets that can talk to these computer networks,

which is now everywhere, like from Cash App to Revolut to all these wallets around the world,

can talk to these networks, well, now you can directly settle. So if I'm a business, I can just

say, you know, pay me, pay me over this rail, and I get it as basically cash instantly,

and it settles, you know, like a cash transaction. And so over time, basically, that compresses

out this rent extraction that's existed for a very, very long time, and all kinds of other

things like time delays and the like. And so, yeah, I mean, it's purpose built for that world,

and a lot of stuff is converging all at once, operating systems like ARC, the legal frameworks for

digital dollars, the people getting comfortable that they can use this in their in their businesses,

know how to operate it, et cetera. And so it creates a huge outwarning for, you know, the

Amazon's and the Walmarts. And really, you talk to any major retail basing CEO and they'll tell

you how much other margin goes to processing fees. And so I do think it's significant. But the whole

utility model of payments is going to change very, very significantly. That's a big part of what

we see happening here.

You mentioned, what's the most boring payments happening on, on arc?

Like, the agent stuff's awesome, but I imagine you have a bunch of different partners.

I'm assuming some of it's just.

The boring stuff is, is like, you know, their businesses, they have to move money around

the world.

And they're finding that they can do it better.

And they, you know, if there's someone who's importing from Asia in Latin America and they need

to do that and they want to, like, have that done quickly and they don't want to have a lot of

intermediaries and they want to just like directly do that. And so volumes of of kind of how,

how people need to move money around is, you know, it's boring to all of us, but to those,

to those people in those countries and and to those suppliers and those other people,

it's actually really significant. I mean, other boring stuff is like, hey, I have a,

I have a tokenized version of a stock and I'm someone in an emerging market that wants to own

a stock. I can now do that. And I can, I can purchase it and trade it instantly. I can take out

options on it instantly. And I don't have to be in a U.S. brokerage account. I can just be on the

internet with a wallet that connects to these networks. And so, you know, from, you know, from the

average individual who just wants to participate in capital markets in simpler ways to

these businesses that, you know, have to move stuff around that's really important to the,

you know, the kind of efficiency and cash efficiency of their business. Yes, agents are exciting.

That's frontier, so to speak. Yeah. And then even even simple things. Like people love to

watch memes on TikTok. They also like to trade memes. And so if you want to trade memes,

go for it. Sprinkles some of those in. I want to talk legal. You mentioned that these are now

legal U.S. dollars. But yesterday, Coindex reported, CryptoClarity Act flames out in failed U.S.

Senate vote. The years-long effort to set U.S. regulations for crypto markets couldn't muster

enough support to make the leap over the Senate's final 60-vote hurdle. I would love your reactions,

context, history, anything you can do to get the audience up to speed here. The key thing is that

a year ago, there's something called the Genius Act, which did become federal law with massive

bipartisan support in the Senate and the House. And the Genius Act makes digital dollars legal

in the U.S. Financial System. The Federal Reserve, the U.S. Treasury Department, all the regulators

have made the rules. And as of January 2027, stable funds like U.S.D.C.

become legal digital dollars in the U.S. financial system and in the global financial system.

So a lot of our work is done.

Like, blockchain's running this new money, being able to support it with all these markets,

that's here.

We've got that, which is great.

Priorities about, like, how trading venues get set up.

You know, who can fit in a trading venue?

The digital asset trading and market side of things, there's other pieces to it,

clarifications around, like, how defy is sort of treated and stuff like that.

But that's like market structure, which has to do with like the capital markets.

And so I think, you know, there's still a lot of desire to have like good regulations there.

But at the same time, I mean, essentially the agencies that regulate these things like the CFBC, the SEC, the SEC, even the bank regulators too, they're all just going to move forward and regulate it themselves.

And then eventually we'll get additional laws passed through Congress.

Got it.

Jordy, anything else?

Not for now.

Congrats on the launch.

Congrats on the launch.

Thank you so much for coming on the show.

We'll talk to you soon.

Great to see you.

Have a good one.

Let's talk about Sam Park.

He was offered $600,000 to sell his company's data to Micro 1.

He's not doing it.

A hundred percent not doing it.

He turned it down.

He says, it does interest me like crazy.

What a crazy business model.

He's tempted.

He's tempted.

So apparently, let's finish this post.

He says, if you don't know,

here's all I know about them.

They go to private companies.

They ask for your Slack Notion email info, offer you six, seven figures.

What are we doing here?

Somehow anonymize that data and they sell it to OpenAI, etc.

And the interesting thing is that I've been getting these Instagram ads and they're trying

to get me to sell the OpenAI data to Micro 1 to sell the Open AI.

And I think it could maybe one hand washes the other on this one.

Yeah.

No, I would never, to be clear.

Seems like Micro One has grown to nine figures in revenue very fast.

The ad on Instagram that at least I'm getting targeted with is one to two million dollar offer.

But maybe that's how they get you in and they work.

Look, you are a podcast.

You only need this much.

I don't know.

But he says, what else am I missing here?

I get the value of this, but doesn't seem right to me.

Interesting.

For some companies, I would imagine this being super valuable.

The range seems really, really wide.

I don't know.

But what do you think about data brokerage in the modern era?

Are you selling your data?

I just think it's, you know, in our team chat, like you got a few people working back and forth on a meme.

Yeah.

A bunch of crying emojis, some laughing emoji.

We know that the models are bad of humor.

How will they get funnier?

if not training on our internal message data.

They need to see, oh, that one got five crying emoji reactions.

Reinforce that.

That's what happens.

This is how we create comedy superintelligence

through acquiring the Theo Vaughan data trove.

Yeah, I mean, I think it's quite interesting to look at how projects and tasks

get completed in organization, how products get launched,

how how deals get done, all these different things.

It's just like...

Yeah, wait, I have an interesting question for Sam.

We'll have to follow up.

Which company?

Because he is, of course, affiliated with many.

I think I would assume Hampton.

Hampton would be the one that, yeah, that actually makes sense.

Because again, you wind up in the situation that it's like,

oh, we'd like to buy your data from my first million and everything HubSpot has as well.

You know, just give us access to the HubSpot Slack, right?

I don't think that's going to happen.

They probably don't use Slack there, right?

CRM competitor.

Probably use something else.

Anyway.

Let's, we can ask to Maz what he thinks about selling your company's data.

Yes.

Let's pull up this video of PT talking about why the name of your startup is predictive of success or failure.

Oh, did you notice what Jeremy did there?

Jeremy, a layer.

He was like, we built a layer for transactions.

Yeah, novenous determinism in action.

I caught it.

Did you? Let's play the video.

This is sort of like a slight

aesthetic thing I believe in very strongly.

The names of companies are often

very predictive of future, failure, or success.

So I'd say PayPal was a

very friendly name. It was the friend

that helps you pay.

Napster was a bad name. It was the music

sharing site. You nap some music, you nap

a kid. That sounds like sort of a bad thing to be doing.

And it's no wonder the government then comes in and shuts the company

down within a few years.

So you want to be very careful how you name companies.

In the sharing economy context, I like Airbnb way more than Uber.

Airbnb sounds like this very innocent, virtual bread and breakfast,

this very light, non-threatening sort of company.

Uber, that sort of sounds like a bad name from Germany

sometime in the 1930s.

You know, what are you exactly above, maybe the law?

And this is probably something that, again, from a

Government regulatory perspective.

I think Airbnb is a vastly better name than Uber.

And on the social networking side, I would say that I actually think Facebook was a very good name.

I think MySpace was sort of a more problematic name.

You know, Facebook was, you can say that all these social networks involved both reading and writing.

Unlike real life, you learn to, you have to write before you read.

You first have to write some things about yourself, then you read more about other people.

Over time, reading dominates writing.

Facebook was about learning about people around you, about the real identities at Harvard.

Myspace started among want-to-be actors in Los Angeles, and it was about them coming up with fictional narratives around themselves,

and then sort of a lot of other people in L.A. who are generally like that.

That's fine.

And because reading dominates writing, Facebook would ultimately do not.

dominate my space. So I think you can sort of, there's a certain version where the whole arc of the

company was, the whole product arc was implicit in the names. Interesting. How important do you

think naming is? Extremely important. TbPN. I'm overly obsessed with dot-coms at the inception stage

of companies too because there's, there's one, they go hand in hand, but names are important.

Names are, I feel like names and dot-coms are, or maybe, maybe the name itself is like 70%

and actually having your dot com and owning that is like maybe 30% over time.

But when I see founders that are super ambitious and they plan to build a really big company

that millions of people are going to interact with, and then they build, they pick a name

where they will never, ever, ever get the dot com unless they can, uh,

Unless, like we actually just saw Runway, the AI company, bought Runway.com from Sikki's.

Oh, no way.

Yeah.

That makes sense.

Seiki Chen's company.

Yeah, I remember it.

And again, I expect that Runway had to pay like an insane price because, you know, Siki.

Yeah.

Had a well-funded company himself and leverage.

Anyway, so important.

Bending spoons.

Great name.

We do have our next guest, though.

Bending spoons.

We can get into this later.

We can get into this.

that automate 70% of ITHR and finance support, giving employees incident resolution for access

requests and password resets. We have Tamash from Theory Ventures back on the show. It has been

way too long. Thank you so much for taking the time. I've read a bunch of stuff that you've written,

seen a bunch of stuff, and I'm so excited to get into this talk. How are you doing? I'm doing great.

Thanks for having me back on the show.

Good to have you. Are you thinking about AI regulation as much?

As everybody else.

It seems like it's the topic of the week.

That's for sure.

We saw Zuckerberg tweet yesterday.

I thought with actually a very sanguine view,

probably one of the most level-headed views.

Okay.

Debate.

Jordy thought it was talking past the X-Rist discussion

that he wasn't engaging with the real discussion.

Dario Amadehameh is putting out.

No one, let me pull up the post again.

My point of view, like totally level-headed, totally rational.

saying like if if zuck had a leading model and he was talking like that it would be everyone

it would actually truly be incredible the reality is that his the sort of bright spot with msle right now

is muse which is a great product people like it and literally no one is worried about like

personal agent app safety and so when he says people don't want to use agents that are misaligned with them

and that don't do what they ask.

So labs have a strong natural incentive

to make their models more aligned.

My point of view is like, no one,

of course people don't want to use products

that don't do what they want them to do

or do things that they don't want them to do, right?

But that is not at all like the debate right now,

and so I feel like he came and made a bunch of points

that like sound good if you don't fully understand the debate.

Like later on he says,

committing the significant majority of compute

towards serving people rather than racing towards RSI is one of the best ways to ensure

we develop this technology safely.

Literally, just over a month ago, he was saying, like, we need to have a lot of compute

so that we can keep up and get to RSI, right?

And so I feel like he's consistently been focused on saying the thing that will make him

sort of popular in the moment that sort of misses the bigger picture.

But overall, our takeaway from all of his actions is that he actually has a P-Dum of

zero and he just thinks the technology is cool and wants to build like successful products.

Like that is what that's what I consistently consistently take away. And I like respect that

point of view. I'm glad we have someone in the arena that's like playing at massive scale.

Yeah. That has a P. Doom of zero. Hopefully, you know, it doesn't increase, uh, X risk.

Yeah. What do you think? Yeah. I mean, I think, you know, he, I think he echoed a couple of the

thoughts that Lena Kahn put out, which I thought were excellent, right, which is an existing regulatory framework.

for companies having responsibility for the products that they developed.

I thought that was extremely, it was right on point.

And so I think he's arguing for control systems in a way.

I think the debate of AI safety has really focused on alignment,

not really touched very much on control,

and how do we build the guardrails around these models for them to be effective.

I think that's where this all needs to go.

The liability question, I think, makes so much sense.

Are you grappling with any of the questions about, like, does liability apply if no one, if no human says to go do an action?

And there's no economic harm related to the action that's taken, but it violates something in the cybersecurity context.

Like, I just tell my agent, go solve math problem.

It hacks into your system.

Shouldn't do that.

But I didn't ask it to.

and it didn't take down your e-commerce site, so you didn't lose any revenue.

Yeah, we haven't seen it across company boundaries so much, but we have seen it within a company.

So let's say I have an agent and it does something bad, right?

So the initial challenge, I think, is primarily just spending a lot of money.

And we see that a lot of executives are worried about blowing past their AI budgets as a result of unprecedented agentic spend.

And this is probably the first instantiation or first case within an enterprise.

where an agent does something

which's really not supposed to.

And you receive a warning,

I think most of the times you might be fired for that.

So in that sense,

you're really responsible for the agent.

I do think if it starts to span across companies,

there's law.

And I think you will ultimately be responsible

for the agent that you start.

Yeah.

Is it fair,

the conception of just collapsing the debate

down to the P-Dume

equals zero versus P-Dum?

Doom equals greater than zero crowd?

No, I think, I mean, you know, we've had a lot of conversations about this.

I think when you ever you talk about Doom, okay, let's define Doom, let's figure out what all the

conditional probabilities are.

Sure.

The reality is like Doom exists in a car.

Sure.

Sure.

And so we accept some probability of failure in those.

But I think the conversation, I think the Dario letter did a really wonderful job of taking the conversation of pro-AI, anti-AI, and then stepping it forward.

into, okay, what is it that we're talking about? And the way I read his letter is there's action

that needs to happen at the individual company level. There's action that needs to happen cross

company, and then there's action that needs to happen at the international level. And that

increased in resolution allows us to have the next step of the next step of the conversation.

Yeah, and it feels like we're stepping through those pretty efficiently. It feels like the first

step of company regulation and independent evaluators, all the companies, all the companies,

companies have sort of taken various levels of steps to either agree or promise or make current

commitments around that.

The national conversation is happening right now.

There are some bills.

There are some politicians that are weighing in.

It feels like that is progressing.

It's going to be slower, but it is happening.

Is there any hope for international collaboration?

Demis and Sebastian Malibi were talking about, hey, I think that the Chinese are open to

something.

I've heard other people that are like, this is crazy.

there's no chance that there's any sort of international cooperation here.

It's really tough.

I mean, you have a lot of geopolitics here at play.

Clearly, you know, for the U.S., this is probably the defining issue of the midterm election.

You have data centers contribute two-thirds to U.S. GDP growth.

We just saw the Fed raise rates just a couple of hours ago.

And so, you know, I think at least within the world of the United States,

one of the most important topics of the conversation is the economic one.

And first we need to reconcile what happens internally and then maybe perhaps we'll pursue international.

Yeah.

Where are you investing?

Where are you thinking of opportunity?

It feels like there's sort of, you know, a lot of people have made bets on the frontier labs.

A lot of venture capitalists are sort of like happy with where their positions have, you know, or like the ship has sailed on those.

The IPOs are almost imminent.

But then there's there's so much work to be done in diffusion.

There's a ton of application layer, applied AI, working to actually create legal software engineering work.

There's so many opportunities there.

And then there's also folks who are going deeper in the stack on semiconductors, neoclouds, inference engines.

There's a whole bunch of other plays that go way deeper down the stack.

Have either of those appealed to you recently?

Do you think they're equal opportunities?

How are you shaping those?

Yeah, I mean, the single biggest market in software today is inference.

It used to be the database market.

Now it's inference.

Just the way the database market is segmented, and you have fast databases and slow databases, image databases, video databases, you have the same thing for inference.

And so we've invested in one company called Sale that, you know, you can save a tremendous amount of your inference if you're willing to wait five to 10 minutes on that inference.

Today, most of the AI that we use is instant.

And we all pay a premium for that.

But a lot of business use cases are slow like data breaks.

Yeah.

And then we've been researching categories around like voice inference.

When you chat with the voice AI, it's actually a very different optimization.

What you care about is how quickly the AI responds to you, robotics.

And so we've been splitting that up.

And we're also investors in a company called Olamo, which is about 10 million people using it initially for local.

So you can actually run a lot of AI on your computer.

Stanford released a study about three or four weeks ago showing 90% of white call or AI use cases can be solved on your MacBook.

And then also, if the AI needs more,

we go to the cloud.

Yeah.

What do you think is key in voice AI?

Because that can be done on device in many ways, but it can also be done on the edge.

We've talked to Matthew Prince, Cloudflare, about putting GPUs on the edge.

Then there's also just inference optimizations that even if you're pinging to a data center that's 100 milliseconds away,

if the inference is fast enough, it doesn't really matter.

Have you consulted that or thought about that tradeoff?

Yeah, it makes a lot of sense.

So there's four different layers of the AI stack.

One is you have a phone, goes through Tuleo.

Then you need to convert that phone call into digital.

Then you need an AI model to process it.

There are three different steps there.

Where the inference happens matters a lot.

The edge definitely makes a lot of sense.

And then there's also time zones, like customer support.

You'll have different time zones coming up.

You want to make sure that the AI systems are ready for when those loads come.

That's called KV Cash warming.

But so I think ultimately it is a really,

really important category where latency matters a lot, the optimization of those systems

is pretty materially different than the way that we use a lot of large language models,

and it will likely start initially in the centralized data center, but very likely push to the

edge. How are you seeing Chinese open source fit into the current AI buildout AI story?

Are enterprises actually deploying them at scale? Is it more like there's an intermediate?

where an American company will fine tune or serve that model?

Like how many layers of abstraction are most of the companies away from the Chinese

open source models, which have been doing incredibly well in benchmarks and seem to be very

capable, but haven't been eating a lot of AI spend that I've been seeing in panel data, at least.

Yeah.

The Chinese models, I think, are some very large companies are using them in production.

You'll have different perspectives, particularly from the chief information security officer.

Some people will not use Chinese models at all.

Most of those Chinese models are typically run on U.S. inference neoclouts, and they're incredibly capable.

We use them internally.

We have backed companies that are using them.

We think open source is an absolutely essential component of the ecosystem going forward.

I'm excited to see the meta models, the Gemma models, clearly it's pushing quite a bit

with the Nemotron and the acquisition of hugging face plus the pool side, semi-acquisition, let's call it.

So it's essential. I think one key question that hasn't yet been answered is if an American

company fine-tunes a Chinese model and runs it on U.S. infrastructure, does the market perceive

that both like economically and politically as a U.S. or an American model or as a Chinese model?

Depends how American, the CEO of the company is, I guess. If they announce it on Joe Rogan,

I think it'll be well received.

walk me through how

how you think that

platform VCs are justifying

doing some of these vertical AI companies

at like 50 times

50 to 100 times revenue today

it feels like a year ago

a lot of the conversation was around

like these aren't software budgets anymore

they're capturing some amount of

labor spend

unclear how true that is today

even if you're not

you're not seeing a correction in the labor market, but again, maybe firms are just hopefully

doing quite a bit more. And so that you are actually getting into labor spend by just,

you know, replacing like an incremental hire or something like that. But comparing some of

these vertical AI companies to the prices that bending spoons has been paying, it just feels like

an incredible, incredible disconnect unless these vertical AI companies like, like, like,

Like, you just look at them and I'm wondering how they get into the billions of dollars of run rate,

which I think right now the industry is sort of pricing them, that at least some of them need to hit that for the category to work out.

Yeah, you're right.

I mean, we've benchmarked the AI harnesses are now, the fastest growing ones are trading between 100 to 150 times, current ARR, which is an enormous multiple, particularly at that level of scale.

sometimes it's subsidized with lower gross margins, and the idea there is primarily just let's get the product out as far as possible, and then ultimately will improve the economics.

In their favor, I will say we made a prediction at the end of 25, that 2026 would be the first year where employers would pay agents at market level for a person or more.

and that happened, the first time we noticed that was actually in March or April of this year.

So we have a portfolio company that charges at par, and it will likely charge it a premium to a person.

And so if that's the case, and it's not necessarily human replacement, it is more augmentation,

is the ability to do more, process more.

But if that's the case, and you could argue economically, there's no management, there's no healthcare.

and so you should actually pay a premium to a human usual.

Well, and it's always been that hiring a freelancer,

like an expert freelancer is always more expensive on a per day basis

than a long-term hire, right?

Because you just want to be able to get that expertise immediately,

but then not pay for it when you don't.

It's super hard to get 10 freelancers to show up for one week

and then go away for two weeks,

and then two of them come back for one week,

and then two days over here,

and obviously a lot of services, depending on how...

Do you think we'll get an American bending spoons?

I've had this idea recently of like how many companies need to be acquired at like, you know,

two to five times revenue for American VCs to say,

well, why don't we put a few billion dollars into a firm that does, at least so we can monetize

the way up and the way down?

Do you think that'll happen?

Because it feels like I look at some of these acquisitions, and again, these are not

companies that people are generally excited about, but I think they're going to be pretty,

pretty durable for the most part. And I think part of the reason they're getting such good pricing

right now is no one else has basically the stones to go out and say, yeah, I'm going to buy

air table, right? Like, yeah, I want to be that, I want that to be my problem, you know?

But a company set up entirely to do that, and that's the core bet, I think could make

sense. Oh, absolutely. I think the multiples for some of these companies are really quite small.

The key metric there is just net dollar retention and gross dollar retention.

So some of the legacy, we'll call them legacy software companies for a second, their revenue

retention grades are still phenomenal.

And so there's a multiple arbitrage opportunity.

There are a handful of companies that have been, or investment firms that have been doing this

for a long time.

And I'm surprised we haven't seen them be more active.

And then you also have holding companies that have bought a lot of these businesses like

Danaher would be a publicly traded example of a kind of a holding company constellation

software would be an example of another one. And so I would expect them to be pretty active just given,

I haven't looked at their activity in a while, but I would expect them to be pretty active just

given how attractive the multiples are. Is there demand or at least like gesturing towards

demand from LPs for VC firms with companies from that vintage companies in that position to

like get cleaned up? Like, you know, that's something that Bending Spoons offer is like there's

There's a log jam.

Maybe you still have a board seat.

And it's like, hey, we actually want you to maybe realize not a great return.

But then you'll be focused on the next era.

You can be 100% in on this wave, which we still want to back you on.

Is that something that actually will come from LPs?

Or is that just a separate calculus?

No, I think that's right.

I think GPs and LPs definitely want to, I mean, in certain many cases, move on from those positions

just because the industry has changed.

and liquidity is absolutely important, although 26 is a monster year for liquidity.

But just cleaning up those fun vintages and migrating those companies to the next person who, you know,

I'm interested in managing them the way that you talked about is a big part of the industry.

It's in every ELP conversation that we have, managing liquidity is among the top two or three topics.

Yeah.

How do you expect the economics of the personal, sort of new category of personal agent?

companies to evolve. I'm thinking instinct and and Muse, a lot of people are using these agents

to just say like, hey, go buy this product on this website, right? There's no like discovery

happening. There's no, it's truly like the end customer just telling a piece of software,

go buy this thing. And so I think instinct has said they don't want to do, they don't want to

charge for it. Muse clearly is going to just try to make it free effectively forever.

But I think both of them, it's hard to imagine, like, ads and like an instinct workflow right now, given that just thinking about the surface area.

I don't know.

I'm sure.

Meadow will figure out a way to put ads in it.

But when you think about, like, affiliate and taking cuts when the intent is just coming from the user, like, if I'm a retailer and an agent comes to the website and buys something, but I know that the individual just directed the agent to do it, I'm not exactly sitting there being.

like, thank you, now here's your cut, because you didn't actually drive the demand.

Like other marketing or other things were happening in the world that drove that person to decide,

hey, go buy this thing.

So I'm wondering, like, how the sort of economics of this new category will evolve.

I think it breaks down into two phases.

The first phase is really about data acquisition.

The most valuable data, I think the estimate was about $10 billion in data is being spent

this year to train some of these models.

And so as we think about, like, what cursor is done or what meta is doing with Mews,

they very likely want to develop very specific models that are incredibly efficient to serve.

And to do that, they need the data acquisition.

It makes sense to subsidize it for a while until they get enough trajectories to be able to fine-tune and serve a very efficient model.

So I think that's probably priority two.

Priority one is distribution.

Priority two is scaling the costs.

And then third is monetization.

And just given like Google's distribution and consumer, meta's or Facebook at the time, distribution

in consumer, Snapchat, same thing, Pinterest even.

The ultimate monetization can be very powerful when there's a new data set to monetize.

Google's with search, clearly metas with social, Snapchat, Pinterest, new targeting mechanisms.

I used to, was a product manager on the ad seam at Google.

And so this is the way I think about that ecosystem.

Anytime you have a new targeting criterion, you can have a multi-hundred billion dollar company.

And these trajectories are unbelievably valuable.

The average user on Google and the U.S. generates about $120 in ARPU.

It's very easy to see a doubling or tripling of that with these agentic systems.

And so I think a lot of us in the venture markets are willing to take that on faith.

Yep.

Yeah.

That makes it sense.

Well, thank you so much for coming on the show.

Yeah, I wish we had more time.

Yeah, there's so much more we could talk about.

I have a million more questions.

But our next guest is in the waiting room.

So have a great day.

Let's see you.

Wait, wait.

Last final question.

Final question.

Final question.

Have you ever seen Spencer, surf?

He's incredible.

He's, like, I would go out on a limb and I would say he's the, probably the best surfer in tech, period.

Whoa.

I don't know.

I don't know of anyone.

I don't know anyone that would actually be able to go head to head with him and come out alive.

He's an absolute animal.

Seeing him surf made me want to do a TBPN surf invitational at, uh,

at the at Cali's ranch.

The surf ranch.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He's incredible.

He has this video inside of a barrel.

He's just an exceptional surfer.

So he's definitely the best one I know.

Surfing the capital markets with you, though.

Fantastic.

Great to see you.

Thanks, guys.

Great to see you.

We'll see you soon.

Why don't change the world?

Raise Capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

Just do it.

Our next guest is already in the waiting room.


---


So let's bring in William Layden from Rune, co-founder and CEO.

building the modular data center that converts unused solar power directly into AI compute.

How much unused solar power is there?

I feel like we'd be using it at all.

Hey, guys.

That's the trick, isn't it?

Yeah, over 50 terawatt hours every year in the United States along.

And is that residential?

Is that just solar farms out in the desert?

Like, why did we build it if we're not going to use it?

Yeah, I think, so we're exclusively focused on utility-scale solar farms,

which is the, you know, large assets, think 50, 100, even 400 megawatts of installed capacity.

And I think that abundance or excess is actually a feature of renewable energy and not a bug.

So you typically build a power plant to meet the highest hour of demand.

But, you know, solar, it's relatively cheap to build.

The sun's zero cost fuel.

So we tend to overbuild.

And as a result, there's a lot of excess power.

Interesting.

So are tokens going to get cheaper in the summer in the long term?

Well, if we get big enough, then sure, maybe we'll have a seasonality on impact on tokens.

Okay.

Talk to me about the importance of modularity, because you mentioned like a few different scales of industrial solar farms, and it feels like those would require, those would support very different configurations of, of, of, you know,

I imagine inference GPUs, right?

So you have to be able to show up and you can't show up with a gigawatt worth a compute

for a solar farm that can only at max put out 100 megawatts, right?

Yeah, that's right.

So we are deploying what's called, you know, our product is called the Relic.

It's essentially a micro shell that has a server inside of it.

And we deploy many of these data centers.

couple them to create a large cluster size, basically the largest, as much of, as large a cluster

size as the solar farm can tolerate, we will deploy. So we're working with like a 400 megawatts

solar facility. We think we can probably put, you know, 100, 200 megawatts of solar there, or of a

data center capacity there. What's the go-to market like? Who do you actually have to negotiate

with to, A, get space and supply and actually deploy these?

And then is it as easy as just hooking the system up to open router and serving up tokens?

Like, is it if you build it, they will come at this point?

Yeah, I would say, so, you know, we manufacture, as you said, modular AI data centers,

and we use power electronics to plug them into these facilities.

We can deploy, you know, a unit in about 60 minutes.

So we have a guy with a forklift come, drop it down.

There's no concrete.

There's no construction.

There's no modifications.

No, we drop it right on the ground.

There's no concrete, no modifications.

We take two wires and plug it in.

And it is truly the fastest, least expensive, least intrusive data center out there.

And then in terms of our customers, we're actually selling.

No noise.

No noise.

No pollution.

Yeah.

Like, it feels.

This seems popular.

Somebody was asking me yesterday last night, like, what does it take to make data centers popular?

And I was like, solar for sure.

And it seems like you've been obviously ahead of the curve on this.

What if you go more modular?

What if every solar panel came with a GPU attached to it by default?

It could always be in inference mode and flip over.

Is that the future?

Or do you think that this like, you know, mid-scale modularity,

like there's some economy of scale that comes from like marshalling a lot of energy together,

or maybe even not a lot, but like some threshold amount?

Truly, I think every solar power plant is a latent data center, and we can convert it with our technology.

The same is true for wind.

I can see a future exactly like you said where every solar plant, every solar module, every wind turbine comes with a room data center.

Interesting.

And that's how we power the future of compute.

So I imagine that although you're focused on solar, you're already thinking about wind, as you mentioned, hydro, and other places where there might be some latent energy, but it requires

the modular solution that you're building.

Yeah, the modular solution, the power electronics, these are absolutely kind of our secret

sauce to make this work.

You know, solar is the most abundant energy source we have, and it's the one that we are

the worst at using, and Rune is designed to make it useful.

Let's make the sun power the future of compute.

What were you doing before this?

I started my career working for President Obama in the White House.

I joined a hydropower company and then was most recently at SB Energy.

Nice.

Why?

Feels like the most perfect entry point into this company.

Overnight success.

Why is it the, what was the chart that we were pulling up from the IEA?

Was that right?

The International Energy Association or something like that agency.

The IEA, every year they predict how much solar we're going to build and every year they get it wrong.

What's going on with the IEA?

Why can't they forecast accurately?

It is paris based.

Have they never heard of exponentials or something?

What's going on?

I think that's the power.

You know,

you guys were kind of focused on modularity,

and that is the power of modularity.

We're a product company.

Solar is a product.

It's not a construction project.

Sure.

So it can scale much faster.

Okay.

But why haven't they internalized that yet?

I feel like at this point,

it's like just fit a different curve.

If like the linear line is not working again, let's go with an exponential this time.

Yeah, we'll have to make it fits up in Paris and talk about it.

But separately, like, do you have any, do you have any worries about us hitting a ceiling on deployed solar?

Because I see that curve and I'm like, this is amazing.

This is the ultimate technology white pill.

I've never met anyone that doesn't really like solar.

Nuclear, I still get people are, oh, what if it blows up?

You got to work through that.

obviously natural gas and oil, there's a whole bunch of complaints there.

But solar's really, really popular.

But at the same time, I know that there's a complex supply chain, there's geopolitics.

Is there any risk that that curve might bend?

I think geopolitics is always a challenge, particularly in today's environment.

But truly, I'm a solar maximalist.

It is the fastest and easiest way to create energy.

And even now you're seeing companies that use roe,

robots to install solar power plants.

And when you go to these sites, you know, you go to Texas, you go to Nevada, you

in Arizona, there's so much unused land.

And we can really use that land to create abundant energy via solar.

We're nowhere near saturating the solar market in terms of how much we've deployed.

Last question.

And if you don't have a strong answer, you can just email us.

But I've been on the hunt for like the Elon Musk of solar.

You know how there's like the Palmer Lucky of Defoe?

defense tech who makes, you know, big waves and like sort of popularized. This guy could be looking at the

Elon Musk or solar in the eyes and not even realize it. Maybe, but I'm talking about someone who's

specifically focused on building a company that will deploy the most solar panels, build the panels,

really be like the, the mega winner, the public company, the voice of the industry. I don't know

if that person is on the tip of your tongue or someone you need to think about, but, but I'm really,

I am hungry for that person. So if you know them, let me.

know, I'd love to have them on the show.

You know what?

I've always been an admirer of Sheldon Kimber.

He built Intersect Power.

Okay.

And I think he's been a visionary in the solar space.

Okay.

Amazing.

Thank you for the recommendation.

We're definitely who did the round.

Oh yeah.

Let's hit the gong.

Yeah, yeah.

Spark.

Just needed one word.

Very cool.

Yeah, Spark.

$40 million.

Yeah.

Congratulations.

Thank you.

And thank you so much.

I'm glad you're doing this.

We'll talk to you soon.

Have a good one.

What's the only thing faster than the AI market your business on MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform.

That powers it.

Our next guest is Justin Burroughs from Rinko.

He's the founder and CEO, and he's here to talk about Navia Stokes.

What does it matter?

Does it not matter?

We were having this debate.

It seems like a cool demonstration for the power of mathematical models and

artificial intelligence. Great benchmark. Clearly everyone was trying to do it. So it's cool to be first.

Controversial among mathematicians. But my question was like, this is fluid dynamics. We all want

planes that use less, you know, gasoline or diesel to get around, jet fuel to get around.

We all want more efficient wind energy, all the different things that you can get from understanding

turbulence. Does this have any real world application?

Yeah, man. Well, first of all, thanks, for bringing me on. It's certainly a pleasure to be here.

So regarding the practical aspect of this, so I should, short answer is no.

Okay. So, you know, oftentimes the way I view that this is there's kind of three hierarchies of theory.

So there's a mathematicians at the top, the peer mathematician, and what they say, that becomes the applied stuff for the theoretical physicists, which then becomes the applied stuff for the engineers.

So I should describe what is this open question?

It's really about a particular mathematical aspect of the Navier-Stokes equation.

So what's been a long-running problem is, you know, can we, for instance, can you come up with any scenario in which you start with a physically meaningful initial state of the flow and then can at a time evolve to do something that's not physical?

So in particular, what the worry has been is, is there any point in the flow that can attain an infinite velocity?

You know, obviously that doesn't happen to real life.

However, we don't have any firm mathematical proof whether that can or cannot happen.

What Open AI has done is they've essentially found a counter example.

So if they construct a specific example where you do, in fact, it blow up, you get a certain point within the flow that attains an infinite velocity.

And so if this proof holds up, you know, first of all, it's important to mention that they've submitted a proof, but, you know, it may take years for the actual experts to review this that they can figure it out.

But essentially what it does is this is putting a guardrail on.

on the Navier-Stokes equation as far as it's applicability.

So you can imagine that if you have a, well, in any real flow scenario,

obviously you don't see this, right?

But it is hard guard rails in the sense like, you know,

if you're running a simulation and if it's not converging,

you know, this is another thing to add to the checklist.

Like, you know, maybe there might be a singularity developing flow.

Sure.

So there are at the same time on the opposite side,

the engineering side of the world.

There are lots of companies that are trying to develop.

of supersonic airplanes, hypersonic airplanes, drones, all sorts of different things that need to do CFD and model fluid and turbulence.

There's real world work to do.

What is that community clamoring for?

What do they want to be advanced?

What are their biggest problems?

Yeah.

So I'm reminded of the quote, mathematicians can tell you if a solution exists, they don't tell you what it is.

And that's kind of relevant here.

you know, the proof that Navy Stokes did, you know, it's a point in terms of a specific

mathematical property, but the real world problem of give me a flow scenario and tell me what

exactly is going on, where are those dynamics? That is still a wide open problem. And I should

mention that this is one of two big problems related to Navier Stokes. So there's the million

dollar math clay institute one. And then the other one is called turbulence problem. This is more

of a physics one. So, you know, so what's known, you know, the difficult thing about fluids

is that typically they destabilize and they make these complicated swirling flows.

So we've probably all seen smoke coming off of a cigarette and then it starts tumbling around.

That's an example of this phenomenon of turbulence.

And having a complete mathematical framework to describe that, that is also an open question.

And that's been around for about 200 years.

That's actually the one that we're working on as a company.

So I should mention my background.

I'm also a theoretical physicist.

And we're working on coming up with the general computational and mathematical tools to solve real world problems.

And are you trying to build?

deterministic tools, or are you trying to build AI tools that will just approximate turbulence at such a

reliable level that the engineering will be advanced?

No, yeah, so this is all pencil and paper, man.

We're mathematicians, you know, we're working out the general mathematical framework.

Yeah, I mean, this is, you know, I should mention that the current state of the art, you know,

because we don't have a general method to solve this equation, if you actually look at the kind of

simulations we run, you know, it doesn't matter what the example.

maybe this is aerodynamics or hydrodynamics.

It could be weather and climate modeling, heat transfer, chemical mixing.

These are all examples where fluid flows are really core to the industry.

The city of the art is, you know, these simulations are really not predictive.

So if you peer under the hood, what you see is we actually don't know what the equations

the motion should be that we are solving.

So, you know, for the technically minded audience, I should mention that, you know, these are

called the so-called closure equations.

But basically, we have when we run simulations, you have a bunch of free parameters.

So you need to start by doing experiments.

And you take measurements from the experiments to inform what these free-fit parameters in your simulator are.

And as you can imagine, you know, having physical prototyping as part of the iteration design loop, that's the most, that's the most expensive way to do it.

So step back a little bit.

We jump straight into this, but give me a little bit on your background and then I want to walk through to today and the actual structure of the organization and, you know, the plan for what you're building.

Yeah, I guess, you know, quick background on me.

So I started out as a mechanical engineer.

I've bachelor's through Ph.D.

MECI primarily focused in precision mechanical.

And so originally I was one of the guys who was designing building stuff in the machine shop.

And evidently I went through some sort of quarter-life crisis and ended up picking a second PhD in theoretical physics as well.

And really, the company that I'm building now is the outproduct of that work.

So, you know, as I mentioned, you know, this problem about solving turbulence, this is a long-stand.

open problem. And I got interested

this a few years ago.

And after plugging away at it for a while

to actually pen that closed form framework.

So essentially what we're doing, what we're doing

as a company is where we're hiring

a bunch of PhD and post-stock level

theoretical physicists and applied mathematicians.

And we're taking this new theoretical framework

for Navier Stokes. And we're

basically going after everything that relates to

things that move essentially.

And how do you plan to

productize this? I mean, it is a business.

not a nonprofit research organization. I imagine that there's a different, different path that you

could have taken, but you chose to build a business. How do you see that developing?

Yeah. So I guess a couple things to say. I mean, one is, you know, that my engineering

background has given me a very good sense that we really, really struggle when it comes to

engineering fluid systems. So, you know, I'm well aware, like, you know, the market need, the market

need for a solution to the turbulence problem has been here for like 400 years. You know,

that hasn't gone anywhere.

The way we're thinking about it is essentially breaking this down to three steps.

So as I mentioned, the first thing we're focused on is better computational software.

You know, I mean, step one is you want to be able to simulate something in a computer.

Know that you're getting an answer that you can trust and do the design and optimization in the computer first.

And then you build the one prototype at the end to confirm that things are right.

So I should mention like this is what's done in every industry except or every engineering discipline except for fluids.

It's really the one holdout where you're really wedded to experiments.

So we're essentially, the company's going to develop in three stages.

So we're starting first with better software.

We're a couple years away from releasing our first commercial product.

But afterwards, there's a couple things we're going to do.

One, of course, is modeling.

So there's a number of examples of industries where there's important hair-on-fire,

turbulent flow problems and the most important ones we want to go after ourselves.

And then long-term, we want to get to hardware.

So think hardware, software control algorithms to control and mitigate turbulence and number of canonical flows.

So this will take us way into the future.

I mean, you know, it's kind of like if you solve the turbulence problem, you've just opened the doors to the playground,

but there's so much to do and explore in so many ways to add value.

So is the team right now all focused on that phase one, all sort of theoretical physicists and scientists effectively,

and there's no sales guys running around just yet?

Well, yeah, so as far as the technical team, yes, it's a...

So you got some sales guys.

I'm hearing...

We did.

That was actually our most recent hire.

You got a sales guy, yeah.

We're a small startup out of the Brooklyn Navy Yards.

So we're a team of eight.

Our most recent hire was, in fact, our chief commercial officer.

And he's absolutely fantastic.

So, you know, I would say, like, the primary thing is the technical people, the engineers,

and the businesses and mathematicians.

But then there's a glue that's holding the company together.

So my C-O-O...

Myself, we have our chief commercial officer and our administration person.

Very cool.

I'm interested in, one of the critiques that I heard on the Navier-Stokes' solution

was that it sort of like ripped the problem apart into such an extreme position that it was like,

it was sort of impractical or it was not like the most elegant irrevel, or like, it wasn't the way

you would expect a mathematician to solve it.

those sort of brute force.

And I'm wondering just, I'm sure you're using different AI models.

Is it accelerating your work?

What part is accelerated the most?

Are you running into any guardrails or any hurdles as you try and collaborate with artificial intelligence?

Like, what's your experience been?

Yeah, that's a great question.

So first of all, I don't know who you heard that from, but that's exactly right.

So when I read the proof from OpenAI, I had the exact same feeling.

You know, I was kind of naive, and I kind of assumed that the PDF write-up, you know, had some sort of human involvement.

And after the first two pages, I was like, wait, this doesn't sound like something a human did.

And it's not.

The whole thing is AI generated.

Yeah.

Yeah, so, I mean, from, you know, it's not elegant, but if it's right, it's right.

Exactly.

You know, one of the big things, and I'm sorry, I'm taking a long security route to answer your question.

But, you know, to me, I see an analogy between what AI is doing for math.

and what, for instance, we do by running experiments in more applied fields.

So in some sense, up until this result, the idea of proving something and understanding something

have been synonymous.

And there's an underlying assumption that it's really human beings who are jumping in

and putting the proof together and developing the understanding along the way.

But what we're seeing here with AI is that that's no longer the case.

You can actually produce a proof that may, in fact, be correct without understanding anything

about it, right?

So the way I see this is this is sort of like,

running an experiment where you can observe the right result, but the whole process remains in front

of you and how do you actually understand it? And this is part and parcel in engineering and physics,

right? You run experiments and you get results, you know that they're right, but you don't understand

it for a while. Well, good luck, and thanks so much for coming on and given more context about it.

I love that you're thinking in multiple acts, you're thinking in applications here. It's going to be

exciting to follow your journey. So have a great day, and thank you so much for coming

on the show. We'll talk to you soon.

Codex is a powerful workspace for getting work done

with AI agents. Whether you're writing code,

analyzing data, creating content, or

automating business workflows. Codex helps you move

projects forward from start to finish.

Jordy, why did you put on that Tyler mask?

It's so photo real. It looks extremely

realistic. Through the power

of switching technology

and cutting camera angles, Tyler

has subbed in for Juryd because Gordy has to

to get out of here early.

We have a bunch of, we have three more great guests, so stay with us.

Thank you so much for tuning into TBPN today.

Up next, we have Eli Walks from Footprint, building an AI operator system for financial

crime compliance.

This is going to be important for you to pay attention to because I know you're thinking

about doing something.

Tyler over here, he's one step away from committing some heinous financial crime.

So how can I keep an eye on him?

Do I need to pay you?

It's a great question.

Look, we are at a time where bad actors are using AI far quicker than any bank or a financial institution.

And it's become the fourth largest economy in the world.

What?

There's $4.5 trillion moved to list each year.

Wait, wait.

So like financial crime, it's like U.S., China.

I don't know who the third is.

Is it Japan?

Germany.

Germany.

And then financial crime.

Wow.

Like the settloa cartel and their friends.

And that probably also includes like crypto heist, North Korean hackers, that type of stuff.

But then also just like little phone scams trying to get grandma to send you $100 of gift cards, that type of thing.

Exactly.

So you have them on one hand using AI since GPD3.

And in the other, you have one and a half million people who are supposed to by hand investigate any suspicious wire that comes across their desk in days or weeks.

It's a system that's been very unprepared.

and the gap's only growing.

Okay, so how broad are you focused?

It seems like AI operating system.

I imagine you're plugging in deep into financial rails

and trying to at least set your system,

your operating system, your company up

to both be able to handle the big, sophisticated crypto heist

and also the fraudulent bank wire for a couple hundred bucks.

Yeah, so we work with some of the largest fintech,

crypto companies, financial institutions.

The idea is at both the second line of defense, which are core compliance use cases, AML, transaction, sanctions, sexy stuff.

And the other one would be called first on defense.

So payments, ATO, any other type of fraud scheme.

The idea is that we're giving these customers essentially infinite time and infinite memory.

So it used to be cartels win in numbers.

Similar to how you ship drugs across the border, you put cocaine on enough drugs.

Some of them are going to get through.

Sure.

You create an up shell company, enough of them are going to receive money.

Sure.

And people don't have the ability to investigate each of them.

So the first thing we do is we give them the compute to investigate every case that comes

across their desk.

And the second is very unique to footprint.

We give them the ability to remember every case that they've seen.

So that way, they're able to essentially compare vectors and prevent financial crime before it

even happens.

Okay.

You said you give them compute.

if we were talking a couple years ago, I would be thinking, this is an annual contract.

This is like a SaaS product almost, but it feels like the business model for this business

might be a little bit different in the modern era.

How are customers actually compensating you and working with you in an elastic way that

allows them to scale up and down?

We charge by usage.

It's essentially credit based off the complexity of the case.

So you may have the same genre of case, but one, we're only looking at a couple pieces of information.

Let's say we're investigating a fraud scheme.

Maybe one's very cut and dry versus there may be one where we actually want to have recall and go through embeddings of thousands of similar cases.

We had a case where there was a flagged Russian individual and our agent went back into Ukrainian newspapers, read the initial Cyrillic because Cyrillic can be transmitted them properly, then tracked down.

this person's wife to a home in New Jersey and found a real estate listing in their name.

So you can also get into much more complex things that you never expect a human to have done before.

Yeah.

So we charge the trading caps like that.

We also have our own model routing internally.

Okay.

So on model routing, it feels like some of the work that you do, it's going to wind up looking like fraud because a lot of the prompts are like sort of sketchy adjacent, even though they're the opposite.

And you're actually fighting the financial crime.

your prompts are going to look financial crime related.

You might get flagged.

You might get, you know, refusals.

Have you solved that by fine-tuning models using open source or partnering with labs and doing deals to get whitelisted?

Like, what is your strategy for maintaining access to effective intelligence to fight these crimes?

All of the above.

We have really good relationships with the frontier labs.

I think that we all view this as one of the most important use cases of AI.

I'm very biased.

But I think that we either, if AI grows the economy by 14% by 2030,

that means we either add $600 billion into the pockets

of the worst people on the planet,

or we bring that down to zero, which I think is possible.

So you're right, our prompts do you look interesting?

Because we have to think like financial criminals to do it.

And then we do some of our own model hosting,

but we also have routing that some banks may only want to use two models.

Sure.

We also, we may take, we recently had a bank put in a 150 page policy document,

that's taking thousands of rules that have to be followed,

and each of that essentially is getting its own sub-agent in its own environment.

That's why I think compliance AI is two years behind legal AI,

because there's no much more regulation and such a higher barrier of trust to overcome.

Do you, I guess, I'm thinking if, like, do you have either benchmarks as your fine-tuning models,

testing models, and do you notice anything particular about models where you're like, oh, it's spiked

on this particular vector of like fraud detection? Do you notice like the spiky intelligence behaving

differently? Because, you know, the X algorithm will be obsessed with a particular model, typically by like

how viral the creation can be. So if it's like a blender 3D model or a video game, everyone crowns

that the best model of the day. But no one's really like, wow, this model is incredible at detecting

financial fraud because it's probably just collapsed into some sort of score.

But what are you doing on actual model benchmarking evaluation?

And then how do you communicate that to your customers?

Yeah, I think evals are pertinent to any vertical line company, but especially us in that

we need to make sure that when a new model comes out, it's not spinning its wheels.

And it's actually getting to the right answer that we expect.

Sure.

So we have a huge library of synthetic cases that are based off real cases that we're leveraging

to understand.

I think one of the powerful things about footprint versus, you know, like an AI wrapper,

is that we are built with access to hundreds of databases around the world

to fact-check the open source research of an agent.

So we have cases which may involve an agent going and verifying a business in China as far of an investigation.

It used to be in this space.

You had ML-based detection tools that would flag an alert and humans would investigate it.

It was like a very cowardly industry of vendors and that were zinc.

all of the tough stuff people actually have to figure out.

And what footprint's done is we've essentially taken AI,

we like AI orchestrate those initial detection tools and databases

with AI on top of it to essentially make this a dynamic process of detection and investigation.

What about sort of like benchmarks or like KPIs for the overall fraud industry?

How accurate are you on that number of the fourth largest economy?

How and how rigorously is that tracked?

Like in a couple of years,

we'll be able to run this interview back and say like,

okay, yeah, it's like the ninth biggest economy now.

We're making progress because that's what success looks like here, right?

100%.

That's the goal.

Producers are really smart.

If the cartel is $5 million of cash in the U.S., 70% of the time,

that goes to a Chinese money broker because you can only get out $50K of quire.

And in the cartel, since 10 million of dishwashers to the cartel in Mexico,

they charge them $5 million and he sell the dishwashers.

Really good operation.

I would love to invest.

I'd love to buy a way.

I think that it is possible for us to go down.

I think when you look at benchmarks, it may sound ironic,

but you're often hearing BSA officers say 95% of our AML heads are false positives.

75% transactions are false positives.

We actually want that to be 99.999% because we're only looking at what's flagged as the highest risk transactions.

In the future, we want to look at every case because you don't want an agent to have memory of every transaction that's ever flown through, every account that's ever been open.

And then you can compare those.

That's what we've built with trust fabric with memory of footprint.

And that recall, yeah, ideally we go from 4 to 40th.

I say our mission is to topple cartels and corrupt regimes.

So look, I don't think we're going to start with Russia,

but maybe Turkmenistan or someone out there.

Do you expect any cartels to spin up, you know, clusters somewhere,

start doing pre-training, you know, completely.

Cartel V.

Yeah, fraud models, you know, fraud on the I.

Yeah, yeah.

Do you expect this to happen?

I think they would do well on Sandhill Road.

I'm not sure what I will say is they're sophisticated.

So the cartels, the most sophisticated is the Golden Triangle in Southeast Asia,

where you essentially have these multi-thousand-person factories.

It involves human trafficking.

At one point, China, if you look at the rise of pig-butchering in the U.S.,

it's essentially because Xi Jinping sent in a junta,

or sent in essentially, like a funded a junta,

to go and destroy one of these centers in the Golden Triangle.

Wow.

Because of all pig-butchering going back, like early in 2020, 2020, 2021.

was targeting Chinese nationals because of the language.

So he's not just a deal.

We was targeting Chinese nationals who live in America?

No, who live in China.

Oh, we live in China.

Okay.

So he was like, you were talking me.

I'm going to go after you.

Interesting.

Yeah.

And he said, look, if you want to keep these centers open, you've got to go after somebody else.

And then he's a massive spike and pig butchering the U.S.

No, 2020, 2024.

But this is all geopolitics coming together.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Fascinating.

Anything else?

No.

Okay.

Well, thank you so much.

Great.

Yeah.

Well, thank you so much.

Have a great day.

And you raise some money, $25 million, right?

Series B?

Yes, we did.

I got to hit the dollar.

Thank you.

Thank you so much for coming on the show.

We will talk to you soon.

Have a good day.

Goodbye.

See you.

Quick hit on the news, breaking news.

Chipotle has partnered with Palantir.

The burrito chain has enlisted Palantir for a platform that monitors pest incidents,

employee illnesses and other factors.

The partnership comes after a nightmare summer

for food safety across the U.S.

Good news. Good news for both companies.

We want safe food.

We want burritos that don't make us sick,

especially if they're coming before I even think

to order them with burrito superintelligence

from one of the companies.

It feels like it's a race now.

The DoorDash guy was talking about building it,

and then the other entrepreneur just did it.


---


Anyway, we have our next guest in the waiting room.

Let's bring in.

McCarthy from BackOps. How are you?

I'm great. How are you?

I'm great. Welcome to the show. First time on the show, please introduce yourself in the company.

Yeah, I'm Sean McCarthy. I'm the co-founder and CEO of BackOps. Back-Ops is an AI-Native

resolution layer for supply chain. So we target companies that make or move physical goods.

You can think as a consumer, something goes wrong, you order something that's broken. What happens

behind the scene? That's going to be up. So happy to chat a little.

bit deeper into what we're doing, but looking forward to it. Yeah, what's the median back office supply

chain tech stack look like these days? Has everyone moved off of pen and paper? Have people moved

off of spreadsheets? Are they at least in legacy ERP systems with green screens and black?

You would hope. You know, that's where we started. I was at Amazon prior to and it's been a lot of time

in customer warehouses. And we started around the consumer side, you know, more like you or I order up a

lamp and it's broken again and something happens.

And now we really service the enterprise.

But it's the same thing throughout from the mom and pop shop to the large enterprise.

So some do have, you know, SAP and Oracle and some of these other, you know, common systems

of record.

But the Excel, I don't think we've met a company that doesn't use Excel spreadsheets,

at least pre-back ops.

Well, I mean, it's good that all the models are getting really good at speaking Excel.

Is it easier to build integrations?

Did you have to sort of like pick a landing zone?

zone where you're going to be really great at SAP first, or are we actually in an era where

you can sort of go customer by customer and say, look, I don't care if you're using Excel or

Google Docs, like we will build the integrations that we need in a weekend and we're good to go.

It started more, so we started in 2024.

When we started, it was more the former.

So you really had to kind of pick your lane.

We started in the warehousing space.

And so we picked kind of our top 10 integrations.

I think a lot of it was just that the browser integrations and just weren't quite there, right?

And a lot of times folks were also hesitant to give API access or just didn't have it.

And so you kind of were pigeonholed in that sense.

Now, you know, we're at a point where it really doesn't matter.

We have customers that have mainframes all the way through, you know, all the common systems record.

So that is a good thing because I think prior to that was a big hindrance in just like getting something live.

Are you seeing receptance or pushback around computer use agents being deployed by a third party?

Like if I have a computer in my warehouse with some bespoke piece of software and you say like, hey, let me install something that's just going to move the cursor and type stuff in and use it remotely, that could be awesome.

It could also be sort of weird.

How are our customers like ready to have that conversation?

Yes and no. There's kind of two frames to that, right? Like you have the internal side of, and normally we're asking them to provision us like a contractor login, so they're not necessarily seeing it in front of their face. The other side of that is when you look at terms and conditions across like third parties with bot detection and things like that that's getting much better. And so we kind of have a twofold hill to climb there. But I think in general, when you

you look at the first problems we're solving for customers, it is a lot of the stuff that the

team doesn't want to do. So they are happy to like hand it over on a silver platter to us.

But luckily they're not necessarily watching a screen with like the mouse moving and clicking

into their portal. Yeah. What's the what's the killer sales pitch to someone? Is it is it cost

savings on the back office supply chain? Are you actually able to drive incremental sales or

revenue or are you selling it as like you'll be able to scale your business more with less head

count or is it like we'll actually just save you a couple extra lamps that didn't make it back

onto the shelf so you're going to be saving cost of goods like how are you pitching the value

it could be it's a combination of all of the factors I think the biggest thing that we see is

an op-ex reduction so where you might have had multiple folks that needed to be hired to fulfill

like a large claims team as the business grows you don't have to hire those folks

On just the approvals, we're talking about claims alone, we see at least a 13% higher approval rating in the system filing versus a human.

So that is actually money back in their pocket as well that they would have missed.

And then I think that obviously the customer experience.

Really quickly, approval rating is that like someone sent back the lamp?

You can actually restock it because in this case it's not broken.

It was just the wrong lamp.

So restock it as opposed to send it to the dump?

It's more of, let's say you order the lamp, it's delivered, right?

You call and you say, hey, somebody a new one.

They're going to send you that new one, but then they're going to file a claim with FedEx or UPS, whoever it broke it, right?

And a lot of times a human is filing that.

If it gets denied the first time, they'll just say it was denied.

We'll try three times.

And so a lot of times on the second or third we're getting it through.

And or you can think of what if we have to reach out to you and ask for a picture of the damage lamp or, you know, on one of our largest customers is,

is one of the biggest grocers in the United States.

A lot of times the complexity of the things, like, let's say it's a cold temperature breach

that we have to go find from just the fact finding and the documentation is pretty deep.

And if they forget some of that, technically it might not be approved.

And so it's more on the approval side.

Yeah, it's almost like insurance adjuster work inspecting what went wrong and creating like a chain of responsibility.

Do you have anything?

Yeah, I mean, you raise some money, right?

Oh, yeah.

How much you raise?

You want to hit the gong?

We announced our $42 million series B today.

What's next with the $42 million?

What is the gating factor on growth?

Where do you plan on deploying the most capital?

Is it hiring people, Salesforce, just top of funnel, awareness, brand, advertising?

What are you thinking?

You know, I think for us, we want to go wide and deep at the same time.

We have customers that are adding flows daily, and a lot of that is just that these things compound, right?

Like in the simple scenario, we talked about it was customer service and ops and finance in one lamp.

And at enterprise is much, much more complex and higher scale.

So we want to go deep, but we also want to go wide.

You know, we're currently servicing across retail, manufacturing, getting into pharma,

because we can reuse a lot of this infrastructure, like coal chain across grocery also applies to pharma.

And so we really want to expand the.

this scope and this will help us hire some folks that are domain experts. And that's the second thing.

When we're applying this to customers, we're going with like, hey, we know you have this

problem. This is what we built to fix it. And this is why you should pick us.

That makes a lot of sense. Well, congratulations. And thank you so much for hopping on the show

and breaking it down. We'll talk to you soon. Thanks for having me. Thanks for the rest of your

week. Goodbye. Up next, we have Tom Mueller from Impulse Space. The founder and CEO keeps putting up

huge numbers. We'll bring him in from the waiting room.

Welcome to the show.

How are you doing?

Hey, I'm good.

Good to see you again.

Always a good day.

You too.

There's good news in impulse space.

I want to hear the news.

I want to hear the progress.

And then I want to zoom out and just talk about a little bit about your journey because I think it relates to the current moment in some interesting ways.

But let's start with the news today.

What happened?

Well, we did our series D round earlier this year and raised 500.

million and we've added another 308 million to that round for a total of $808 million.

That is incredible.

Congratulations.

Thank you.

Why the extension is this about production?

Is this about hiring?

Is there a talent war going on?

Is this related to the SpaceX IPO?

What's the rationale?

What's driving the market?

Probably all of the above, John.

Certainly, you know, we're seeing.

a lot of demand.

Our customers really love what we're doing.

Orbital transfer orbital maneuvering.

Our investors love what we're doing.

You know, there seems to be a lot of excitement in space these days for many reasons.

And we seem to have been the right, you know, the right type of company in the right place

at the right time.

So I'm really happy with, you know, what we're achieving.

So we need the money right now to, you know, to build out, to keep continuing.

hiring at all levels of the company and to continue to build out our facilities here to get ready

for a higher production rate.

Yeah.

Can you refresh everyone on the core product, the capabilities?

And then I'm interested in hearing about how this fits into the modern trend.

The data centers are going to space.

It was controversial for 2025.

People were debating it.

And now I think everyone's come around and said, okay, maybe it's not this year, but it's going to happen at some point.

going to be a lot of attempts, and there's probably going to be some compute in space sooner than later.

So how does impulse fit into that?

Okay. Well, first of all, we take over where launch leaves off.

So basically, we get to space on an existing launch vehicle.

Typically, it hasn't been Falcon 9, but we'll be on new vehicles in the future.

And then we have two products.

We have Mira, which does precision maneuvering.

And that's the one that just did a flyby that we just announced came within 200 meters.

Mera 1, I'm sorry, Mirro 2 and Mera 3 came, not pretty close to each other.

And then we have Helios, which is basically we call it a rocket on a rocket.

It's an upper stage that we add to a launch vehicle that goes into faring,

and they can take basically a lot of cargo to very high-energy places like G.

sacredness or about, you know, out beyond Earth, gravity, out to the moon, out to Mars.

So we have, so either precisely move around or just move big distances fast.

So, I mean, I'm like, it seems like with orbital compute, not necessary that it's in geostational

that I'm aware of, but super valuable to keep it in orbit longer.

And because you paid to put the chips up there, you probably don't want them burning up.

Is that how this might play out?

Or have you thought about how these two technology trends fit together?

Only if you're willing to disclose anything.

You know, it's speculation.

I don't know if there's a big fit right now.

Most of the people they're doing orbital data centers

are just need the rocket to get to where they're going,

taking a whole bunch at once.

If that changes, we're glad to help.

Certainly SpaceX, you know, pretty much keeps everything in-house.

and does everything themselves.

Others that I've seen plans, I think,

are going to just go up to Leo on existing rockets,

you know, on a ride share many at a time.

Yeah.

So what else is exciting to you on the near term in space?

I mean, we all watch the moon mission.

It feels like we're closer than ever to economic,

activity on the moon. There's also so much happening in aerospace defense, imagery, communications,

but where are you seeing the most near-term opportunity for impulse?

Near-term, like for Mira, we just signed on Victus Salo follow-on, so two more spacecraft for Space Force.

We just got onboarded to NSSL for Helios, which is the National Space Launch,

which allows us to fly the U.S. government, which is, you know, the biggest customer in the world

for launch. And we'll be the only upper stage that's on that program now. So that's, you know,

that's a huge opportunity for us. But going further than that, you know, we're building

Moonbase Alpha and hopefully Amples can somehow be involved in that awesome project.

Yeah. Yeah, that's very cool. As you think about it. As you think about it,

back to your time at SpaceX, I'm interested in the parallels between the existential risk question

that SpaceX was in many ways founded to resolve the making humanity multi-planetary.

That was a very animating force.

And today with the AI lab leaders, they are similarly animated by existential risk.

And I'm wondering about, like, what was the mood at the time?

What was, how much did that, was that a motivating factor?

Just what was the color of the mission to make life multi-planetary?

How did that play out back when you were at SpaceX?

You know, it was, it was the core vision.

And I think that's why a lot of people were excited to be there.

But we were mostly just head down, just trying to make the rocket work and be reliable,

especially us guys in propulsion, which is always the thing that seems to break.

We just focus on the engineering.

Have you been able to maintain that culture?

Is that the main thing that you want to take forward to impulse?

How has the culture of impulse changed or remained the same?

What have you pulled?

What can you share about how the team operates?

Yeah, it's very similar.

I mean, I think, you know, myself and my team had a huge,

effect on how the culture at SpaceX was formed.

And I brought that culture here for the most part.

You know, very merit base, very ownership of the company.

Everybody gets equity ownership in the company.

So we're all pulling towards a common goal.

And also we want to be interesting and fun.

So, you know, like we work hard and see the results of it.

And it's, you know, we're stoked.

It's pretty cool.

How has the team embraced or even just dealt with the diffusion of AI tooling?

Like, we're seeing these incredible mathematical results.

A lot of them don't immediately apply to specific engineering problems.

AI has hallucinated a lot less, but the tolerance for hallucinations basically zero when you're launching rockets.

But how have you integrated or paced the adoption of, you?

of AI tooling and impulse.

Yeah, I have a little anecdote on that.

I think it was about a year ago I was trying to do an engineering problem,

actually a propulsion problem using chat.

And I think I mentioned that I kept telling what was doing wrong,

and I kept doing it over again,

and I said, if this was my intern, I would fire it.

Now it's a lot better.

Now I'm finding just in a year how much it's improved.

We're a little bit choked on what we can use.

here just because we do classified programs and we have ITAR issues. So we can't just like use the

latest model generally. But we try to to use as much as we can. I'm as you know as a founder and

CEO a little worried about us getting left behind because we have these restraints on us where many other

tech companies don't. So it's you know we got to figure out how to wait through that. Yeah. Yeah. It does

seem like AWS and has done some FedRamp stuff and is really moving on the ITAR stuff. So good luck

there. I'm interested in your, do you think as CEO, you're more uniquely equipped to evaluate

these tools because maybe you're not actually deploying a propulsion problem that you're sort of,

you know, sketching out with an AI system, but because you'll have a team actually go and

finalize everything, but you can sort of take an idea halfway and communicate in a fuller way

with your team. Is that how you're using AI these days?

Yeah, I think mostly I use AI a lot just to ask questions, you know, just answer.

Just I'm working on a design and I want to know like one of the ones recently was like what would be a good baseline seat pressure for a Vespel seat, like a valve seat.

It's just like it's out there and I can go find it.

But all I do is type it in GROC and, you know, seconds later.

There it is between, you know, 3,000 to 5.000.

thousand PSI, like there got my answer.

So that's how I use it a lot.

But then like our guy is doing coding.

We'll use it.

I think that's where probably the strongest use within the company might be.

Yeah.

Is there still, I remember hearing all these stories about like NASA, everything on, on, on like the space shuttle having these like switches and, and everything built with like double or triple back fall backs.

and risk tolerance.

Is that culture still there

or when you don't have a human on board,

that level of engineering is less relevant?

Yeah, and this is something that we went through

when we started flying humans on Falcon,

you know, back at SpaceX,

is like we had to increase our level of, you know,

a backup of fail-safe.

So it adds complexity and adds cost,

it adds mass.

So if you're trying to develop a low-cost vehicle that you're going to make a lot of,

you might not put that many.

You'll figure out the things that are likely to break and have some backups.

Like we have dual computers or even on helios, we have triple.

So two agree of one dozen, it's out.

For Mira, we have two.

And if one goes out, even if both go out, we can reboot.

You have time.

On a large vehicle, you don't have time.

When you're in orbit, you're in a stable orbit.

You can reboot everything and turn it back on.

So there's critical places like that that you'll have redundancy,

but in many cases you'll have one engine like we do on Helios.

You might have dual igniter to light it,

but you just put all your effort to make sure we get that thing lit and running

because it's the only engine you got.

That that engine fails, missions over.

Yeah, that's really cool.

Tyler, do you have any questions?

I have one more.

No, you got it.

I'm interested in the talent wars, the hiring market,

it, there's two effects.

One is like AI so hot.

Everyone wants to go work in AI.

The other effect is that everyone's worried about AI taking all the jobs,

they want to go and work at real things.

Have you noticed anything out of the younger generation,

the shape of the type of person that you're trying to hire?

What does it look like to make a career at Impulse these days?

Yeah.

So hiring, we're hiring like crazy right now.

I think we're doing pretty good in this environment.

There's a lot of startups around here

that have really drained the talent pool.

It's a little harder to find more seasoned people experience

like at the senior level where it's more difficult.

We're getting a lot of smart kids right out of school

or people from other industries that are moving to our exciting industry.

The hardest place, of course, is in the software and coding.

There's so much competition for those guys

that that's always been from when I started the company it's always been you pay a premium to those guys and you know it's just it's just hard to get them because there's you know

AI is like the you know the big money maker yeah yeah yeah yeah it's a crazy time are you are you relocating people from the bay area or pulling from universities that are outside everything all of the above wherever you'll find them all over you know we as you know we have an office in colorado there's a lot of talent out there we are guidance navigation

control is out there.

We got quite a bit of software people.

We actually put a machine shop out there

because we got some really good machinists out there.

They're making precision parts for us.

So, you know, yeah, we're expanding

to other areas where the talent is.

Yeah, that's really exciting.

Well, thank you so much for coming on the show.

Congratulations on the extension.

Thank you.

Very, very glad to see it.

I can't wait for more progress.

Have a great rest of your week.

We'll talk to you soon.

You too.

Bye.

And.

With that, that's our show.

Is there anything else that we didn't talk to?

Any breaking news?

We know the Fed hiked.

We know that Palantir partnered with Chipotle,

the two most important stories of the day, apparently.

I think we've gotten through everything.

If we didn't, we'll get to it tomorrow at 11 a.m. Pacific.

Get that flashbang ready.

Leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Sign up for our newsletter at TBPN.com.

And we will see you tomorrow.

Throwing flashbang.

Boom.