=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - $2B Allergy Drug, ChatGPT Ads, Mansion Section | Billy Boman, Benjamin Miller, Faris Sbahi, Evan Loomis, Anvisha Pai, Ryan Tseng
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/2b-allergy-drug-chatgpt-ads-mansion-section-billy-boman-benjamin-miller-faris-sbahi-evan-loomis-anvisha-pai-ryan-tseng
Datum: 2026-03-30
Länge: ~162k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TVPT& Ultramo.

The Temple of Technology, the Fortress of Finance, the Capital of Capital.

Time is money. Save both.

Easy use corporate cards, go pay, accounting, and a whole lot more.

All in one place.

Let's go.

I like that one.

I'm glad you like it, John, because it's the only one you have.

I have two, okay? Let's be clear.

I have this, and I also have this.

So, be aware.

Be aware.

What is that at the end?

I heard some other music.

Anyway, let's pull up the linear lineup

because we have a great show

for you today, folks.

It's Friday.

We have Billy Bowman.

His Instagram,

Indle.

They're calling him.

They're calling him.

The Bowmanator.

The Bowmanator.

If you're in L.A.,

if you're in Hollywood,

and you drive down the freeway,

you will see as you enter Hollywood,

his name as big as the Hollywood sign,

basically.

And Fiverr paid for it.

And so we're going to have him in the studio

talking about what it takes.

to be a director of AI video, what that even means, how he's using these tools, what he's using.

That'll be interesting.

Then we have Benjamin Miller from Fundrise talking about taking private stakes in private companies,

public on the public stock exchange, right?

Yeah, it's up 1,300% above NAV.

Wow.

So that'll be an interesting conversation.

And then we have a lightning round, and we're closing it out with Ryan from Shield AI,

who just raised a massive round defense tech is, of course,

booming, and we will talk to him a lot about what AI means in the defense stack. Linear, of course,

is the system for modern software development. 70% of enterprise workspaces, 75% now of workspaces

on linear are using agents, and you should be too. So, why is no one talking about Accelergy?

I love these titles. Very niche company. Was in stealth mode for five years, but sold this week

to Novartis for two billion smackaroos. That's a good

outcome. Novartis, of course, is the $300 billion Swiss pharmaceutical company, and they just

paid $2 billion for basically a five-year-old company named Accelergy. Is that good? It's a great

outcome. It's a fantastic outcome. This is an interesting story because it's very much like the

biotech playbook done right. They bring in the right CEO.

You just Tyler. Tyler, is a $2 billion exit in five years from your point of view.

Is this good? Is this good? That's pretty good, yeah. Pretty. I agree.

It's, but this isn't, this isn't in the sweet spot for typical tech news, but there are some interesting, there are some interesting data points. Amir over at the information said, leading indicator of AI adoption, drug companies like Novo Nordisk,

Novo Nordisk, pharma has long been at the forefront of machine learning. OZemik maker says AI agents are shortening its clinical trials. People think that it's going to a prompt and saying like, care of cancer, it's not. It's like, you have a,

a 10,000 page document that you need to send to the FDA.

And if there's a comma in the wrong place, they can just send it back to you and say,

there's an air.

Like, we don't want to deal with it right now.

You're back at the back of the queue.

Is that real?

You can get dinged for crazy, crazy stuff.

Like, I don't know exactly what I can share, but I've heard of

multi-billion dollar companies getting dinged for not showing, like they will list out,

okay, we use this centrifuge to run this assay to under,

understand how this chemical separates, but they didn't say they didn't list out who the suppliers

to that supplier are. They didn't explain the entire supply chain. And there was like very little

guidance on it. Like little things like that come up all the time and reading through all the

documentation. Of course, most of this, when you're talking about Novo, it's like they have a

direct line of communication with the FDA. So it's different. But seeing this headline, there are

There are tons of situations where you need to comb through data and organize it.

When some type of public company software CEO comes out and says like everything is accelerating because of AI,

oftentimes I look at the business and if revenue isn't accelerating dramatically,

you think like, okay, this guy just wants an AI narrative.

He's just reaching for an AI narrative here.

But when I see a farmer company do it, no real context on pharma personally.

It must be true.

No. No. I mean, I was working on FDA filings like four or five years ago, and there were so many

Word documents that needed to be part. It was the same application for multiple variations on the

product that the FDA was going to review. And so we actually wrote Python scripts to programmatically

interact with the Word documents to basically do like a very advanced version of find and replace.

It's like perfect for AI. And it just speeds things up a little bit. You submit a week earlier. You have,

You know, you can submit more things, more variations.

You can give more information, compile more information, investigate other literature,

do deep research reports, what else is out there?

Let's review all the IP faster, summarize things, find different threads to pull on.

Little things like that just squeak out, like, an extra five minutes here, an extra day there,

and it all adds up to acceleration and progress.

It's not like an overnight, all of a sudden everything's completely changed.

Maybe that happens.

But at least right now, there's clearly...

you know, a benefit from overnight success.

But this was an overnight success, at least for Alex Eggel, Ted Jardensky,

Luke Pennington, and Jeff Harris, who took academic research,

which they've been doing at labs at Stanford and Byrne,

into what is basically a VC-backed biotech company, a drug company.

So the goal was simple.

What do they actually make?

They wanted to make a better allergy drug.

So when people have allergies, they, you know, you have a peanut allergy.

If peanuts come in, your allergy cells like flare up.

and you need to fight that back.

So the current blockbuster drug in the category is called Zolair.

And when someone has an allergic reaction to a food,

allergy drugs act quickly to treat the reaction

before it does lasting damage to the body.

So the key immune molecule at the center of many allergic reactions

is called IGE.

And XLRG's lead program, EXL-111, targets IGE.

So the goal is to work faster, quiet the pathway more deeply,

and ideally last longer between doses to fight allergic reactions.

And so these will make that less severe.

So Red Tree Venture Capital ceded the company in 2021, but they stayed in stealth for about five years.

The team announced their first big fundraise, a $70 million series A, led by Samsara Bio Capital.

And this is a pretty typical flow for biotech companies.

University of Science first, then they bring on secondary specialist capital, someone with experience in biotech.

it's less common to go to like the big names that we know, the, the, the Sequoias, the founders funds,

the Andresans, they do some stuff in bio, but very often, if it's coming directly out of a lab,

going to be IPOed or acquired in a few years, like that's a pretty traditional biotech VC playbook.

And so by February of this year, Accelergy dosed its first phase one patients.

So they gave the drug to subjects.

And it was obviously looking good because no.

the Novartis deal signed a few weeks. Yeah, how well does that phase one trial need to go for somebody

to immediately come in and be like, yep, here's two billion. Probably really well. Yeah.

But it is like standing on the shoulders of giants. Remember, the research was done in 2020,

2021, probably earlier than that. And it's building on an existing pathway. There's,

there's some interesting stuff going on. So Novartis. This guy is such, CEO is such a chat.

Yeah. Insane. So, yeah.

I was like, I didn't want to diminish his accomplishments by reducing it to a playbook,

but this isn't his first rodeo.

The CEO, Todd Zavoddnich, Zavodnick, he joined in 2025, sells the company in less than a year.

And he's seen the story twice before.

When he was at Zeltic, Allergan acquired it for $2.4 billion.

And when he ran Dermavant, he sold that company for $1.2 billion in 2024.

four. So he's seen a unicorn outcome two years ago and he gets a new job. He's like,

I was going to take some time off, gets back in the arena and immediately sells the company. So

clearly a great operator. And no one was really surprised by this, at least in the stock market.

Here's a tip. Join his next company. That's a good idea. Just follow this guy around.

Just three billion dollar acquisitions. Just be like back to back. I would, I think it's a good

risk adjusted. I would love to be a janitor in this company. I would love to be a janitor here.

I'll actually take all stock.

I'll take all stock and I will clean the toilets and get coffee if that's what it takes.

I know what's going to happen.

I've seen this playbook before.

Anyway, Novartis, you know, the stock is not really moving on this news because this is very expected.

This is part of their playbook.

They have made just last year, 2025, they made $1.7 billion in sales of Zolair, the allergy drug that's currently the blockbuster drug in the category.

And this is a very logical name.

next act in that category. So key Zolayer patents are about to expire. So a next generation IGE asset

is strategically valuable right now. Novartis's CEO has previously outlined a pretty broad

acquisition playbook. It's focused on bolt-on deals in core areas. So when they have a business

up and running like immunology, like treating allergies, they have all of the sales and distribution,

they have an existing product portfolio, the business is working, add things on to extend

the viability of that business line.

And AccelerG fits squarely inside of that plan.

Now, the $2 billion acquisition price,

it's not all cash upfront.

It is split between an upfront payment,

and there's milestones based on development and commercial targets.

So if they, all of a sudden, they flop in phase two trials,

probably some of that guys clawed back.

It needs to actually work and, like, all of the promises that they may have to play out.

But, you know, they have Novartis behind them.

to, you know, propel them through that, and it feels like a pretty standard playbook.

So good stuff there.

And in general, it's just like it's cool.

Anyone who's dealt with allergies either personally or with loved ones, it's always a hassle.

You know, everyone has a story of like someone was on vacation.

They got a drink that had a nut in it and someone, you know, had an allergic reaction.

And anything that can treat that is obviously good.

So another arrow in the quiver of modern medicine, which is great to see.

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agents to deploy web apps, servers, databases, and more.

While Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

Century shows developers what's broken and helps them fix it fast.

That's why 150,000 organizations use it to keep their apps working.

So, let's move on.

Breaking news, huge leak.

OMG, did you guys know that Anthropic was training a better model

this whole time.

This is shocking, according to unemployed capital allocator.

Of course, referencing a leak, a scoop.

I wonder if this will trigger the team of DeepMind or Open AI to consider training a better model.

It feels like if they're going to have to respond.

So you could see multiple companies training new models based on this leak.

Yeah.

Yeah, an interesting story.

There's some interesting.

It's more from a marketing perspective and how you actually roll out.

and manage like vibes and hype.

Yeah, to me, to me, it doesn't seem improbable that there's been a lot of spud talk

on the timeline this week.

You got to get, you got to start pumping Mythos.

Mythos talk.

The most powerful AI model ever developed.

It's a good tagline.

And very, very painful for all the SaaS companies out there that, that just sell off.

Yes.

Whenever Anthropic does something.

So Prince wrote a little summary of this.

Anthropic has been.

testing a new model called Mythos with certain customers.

They call it a step change in AI capabilities, including dramatically higher scores,

encoding academic reasoning and cybersecurity.

I want to know how it will do an Arc AGI V3 because all of the models are under 1% completion on that benchmark.

It's the one benchmark that is not saturated.

It's not, it's very closely guarded.

You can't get into the test set.

You can only see the examples.

and it clearly is, I still love the benchmark and the team over at Arc for what they're doing.

So this is part of a new Capybara series of models which are largely larger and more intelligent than Opus.

It's more expensive to run and it's not ready yet for general release, but they are excited about it.

Mythos pricing bets coming in from 0.005 seconds, $100 in 250 out.

subs reprice to $50, $1,000 plan might be coming.

Who knows, what do you think?

Jordi, Tyler, any thoughts on the new model?

Well, let's pull up this picture of a Capi Barra

just to put this into context.

Is it a mythical creature?

No, Capu Barra is real.

So what's the connection between Capi Bar and those?

So they're normally quite docile, but they can get violent.

Let's look at this picture.

Okay, watch out.

I mean, look at the, look at the chomp on that.

This is something we should read into.

We should say, what are, what did they mean by this?

You know, it's clearly some sort of vague post.

They're telling you, they're telling you something that, you know, friendly, cute,

but also potentially the end of the world.

You never know.

There's another picture here we can pull up.

Are you just sending Kappi Barra photos?

While you pull that up, let me tell everyone about Turbo Puffer.

Serverless vector in FultecS search, built from first principles and object storage.

Fast 10x cheaper and extremely scalable.

The number one AI agent for customer service.

If you want AI to handle your customer support, go to fin.a.i.

I mean, these are nightmare fuel.

Look at this, John.

It looks like a big hamster or a big guinea pig.

How big are these guys?

We'll pull up the next picture and we'll see if you still think so, John.

Do you think we could contain it?

Do you think if we had one in the studio, it would overrun us, or do you think we could keep it locked up?

I think...

That's pretty horrifying.

I think four or five of these could take you down.

Yeah, median weight is between 60 and 174 pounds.

174 pounds.

That's a...

That's bigger than my dog.

Wow.

That's a big...

That's what I'm saying.

They have these at the Santa Barbara do.

So this is the metaphor.

You know, like, these models are getting incredibly powerful.

You need to contain them and think about safety.

And you need to think about how do you keep the capy bar safe?

You need to lock it in a box in a cage.

It cannot be allowed to run free.

Yeah, I think just back on the pricing thing, I think like this is generally right.

So basically 0.005 seconds is saying like it's just going to get 10x more expensive.

Because right now I think it's something like $10 in, 25 times out.

People are ready for people are ready to pay more though.

Like they're paying a bunch through the API.

They're paying more in cursor.

Maybe we'll talk about this right after, but like the subscription like technically is

technically it's the same price, but the limits are going down.

So the tokens are getting more expensive.

Yeah.

And as you see, like, there's like this insane compute crunch.

Like, I assume that models are going to get much more expensive as they're getting bigger.

Yeah, it is interesting.

I wasn't expecting to be in the regime of, like, subscriptions as long as we have been.

Like, just talking to Ben on our team about how he sort of bounces around from one subscription

to the next, like he'll max one out and then move over to the next one and then move over to the different one.

He's like maybe more price sensitive than model sensitive.

I would always assume, I'd always assume that most businesses would just be on an API consumption basis.

And just like, so the reason like I'm not hitting the APIs is because it's, it is like basically 10x more expensive than using the subscription.

The subscription.

So you do most of the work in the subscription, which is just, I mean, that's economically rational.

I guess what I'm saying is like, I'm surprised by how many people who are,

in a business context still make that decision and how much of a price war we're in how much capital matters here.

Well, let's pull up this video because I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure you guys would be making the same decisions with the Capy Barra family of models if you knew that Capy Baras were capable.

Okay, okay.

This is important.

This kind of thing.

What's going on here?

They can swim?

Wait, this is a human.

Is this AI?

Oh my God

That's really attacking her

Wow

This is why they're calling it

Their most powerful model ever

We need to slow down

We need to slow down with the bed barnes

It's horrifying

It's horrifying

Yeah we need to slow down

I hope they I hope they

You know keep this with the safety team

For long

I think we need all countries

To come together and agree to

To control the Capibara population

Because that is truly horrifying

A lot of chatter on the timeline around pricing.

But all of this is to be expected somewhat.

It definitely feels like all the labs will have to introduce some type of surge pricing over time.

Take him has a very independent take.

He's the biggest NVIDIA stand.

And he makes a lot of good points.

But he's making the argument that Anthropic needs.

needs more GPUs because he's sharing some posts here.

To manage growing demand for Claude, we're adjusting our five-hour session limits for free Pro

Max subs during peak hours.

Your weekly limits remain unchanged.

And take him is coming on the show Monday.

I'm very excited to talk to him.

Well, ask him what he thinks about in video.

Yes.

And so a lot of people are getting into polyphasic sleep because of this.

So Claude has different limits at different times.

So when the limits are in effect, that's when you need to do.

to be sleeping. Tyler, have you gotten into polyphasic sleep yet? I'm not there yet, but I mean,

the problem is getting worse. Okay. I think at some point I'm going to ask you. I told Tyler

sometimes I indulge in polyphasic sleep after the show. I'll sleep for an hour and then I'll go

about my day and then I'll sleep at night. And he said that's just a nap. It doesn't count.

I guess people really are doing the polyphasic sleep thing to monitor to monitor their agents. I wonder if

that's a if that's an aberration for this particular moment in time. You would think you would think

you would know one person that has done that and stuck with it. Because I feel like a bunch of

people have tried that over time. Yeah. Yeah. Well, then eventually. I mean, if you're trying

to get around the limits, like polyphysics sleep doesn't make sense. You just need to basically

be nocturnal, right? Because you need to be like inverse what like San Francisco hours are. Yeah.

So the peak San Francisco usage, you're going to be like. Yeah. Or just move overseas. You could do that.

Yeah, but the polyphasic sleep doesn't really help, right?

No, no.

No, it seems like it's much better to just, again, you know, have a compute desk or a prompt desk that is geographically distributed evenly across the globe.

So when your American employee stops the prompting, goes home for the night, then your European colleague steps up and starts prompting on the same project.

and then your colleague in Asia can pick up when Europe goes to bed, something like that.

You know what I mean?

So you have 24-7 coverage.

Yeah, but that's still like at, during one of those periods, it's still like the peak hours, right?

Yeah, yeah, because these peak hours are based around US, US hours.

I was more, so there's actually two things going on.

There's one where it's like you're waiting for your agents to respond.

And if it's going to take hours for a prompt to return, you should go take a nap because you're better off checking in on a prompt every two hours for the whole day, for 24 hours in perpetuity, as opposed to doing, you know, a two-hour prompt, watching TV, come back, do that eight times, and then sleep for eight hours.

That's four more two-hour sessions that you could have been letting it cook and, like, interacting with it.

That's separate from trying to get around these rate limits.

Yes, everyone agrees more GPUs, more CPUs, more chips.

We continue to be chip constrained.

Even Anthropic appears to be chip constrained despite, you know, incredible fundraising

and partnerships with hyperscalers.

It really is a vindication of everyone who is saying like AI is not a bubble.

and that the models will get better,

and that these crazy deals that Sam Altman's doing

and Darya's doing and Google's drawing down their cash flow

and meta's drawing down the cash flow,

like those all look really good in hindsight, correct?

Do you disagree?

I think in general, yes.

I mean, last March, like a year ago,

people were like $50 billion, $100 billion, $200 billion,

is this stuff that useful?

Is it slop?

Is it actually going to be that useful?

Are these things toys?

Like, yeah, they're reasonable for this thing, but what's the real economic value?

Certainly it can't be more than like $20 a month or $200 a month.

And now there's like lots of people that are, maybe they're only paying a few thousand

a month because they're using a bunch of subscriptions.

But like they're pretty close to justifying like the Jensen like 250K a year per engineer thing.

Like that doesn't feel that far away from companies just saying like, yes, I give

you the permission to spend $250,000 a year on AI inference, be as efficient as possible as you

can with that budget, but you have my approval. I believe that with that $250, you will generate

more than that in value. Yeah, I think a big thing is like there's going to be more use cases

that light that have a similar level of product market fit as code gen that, that, you know,

that use tokens on the level that these code gen tools do.

Yeah.

And we haven't fully identified those yet.

There's some early evidence that just like general agents.

Yeah.

We'll drive that.

But like I would say, an example is like, it seems very obvious that models will be very

useful for making financial models.

But do you need to make 500 financial models per day?

No.

Right?

Yeah, that is interesting.

And so there are areas where the models are going to be incredibly, incredibly valuable, incredibly important used by everybody in any given field.

And yet they won't necessarily generate.

There are some people that would need to make 500 financial models a day.

Like, I think Rokana makes like hundreds of trades every single day.

And so if you're doing a proper, like full DCF, pulling every SEC filing for a company,

and you're doing that hundreds of times a day because you're trading.

Or he might have.

hundreds of individual positions.

Exactly.

And you want real-time models.

Sort of like rebuilding a Bloomberg terminal for yourself.

I think he needs, I think Bloomberg exists and maybe should work there.

Anyway, since we're speaking of the government, let's move over to the preliminary injunction

read the Pentagon supply chain risk designation.

robotics, evals, and expert human data.

Label Box is the Data Factory behind the world's leading AI teams.

Want to change the world?

Raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

So the news is that Anthropic has been granted a preliminary injunction re the Pentagon

supply chain risk designation in California, but is allowing stay for one week.

I think a lot of people, like the tech community broadly came away with this prediction,

that this wouldn't hold that this was, you know, whatever you thought about how you work

with the government and the Ben Thompson thesis, there was, you know, the supply chain thing wasn't

really going to stick.

It wouldn't necessarily hold up in court, but we'll see where it goes.

Dean Ball says this is a devastating ruling for the government, finding Anthropic likely

to prevail on essentially all of its theories for why the government's actions were unlawful

and unconstitutional.

One of the things she mentions is the huge range of amici briefs.

I don't know how to say amici briefs.

Supporting Anthropic, by the way, zero.

Hey, finally a word that John can't nail instantly.

You have an incredible mind that we did find.

We found my limit.

We found my limit.

On a personal note, says Dean Ball, some friends and allies of mine on the right who have been angry at me for my own words and actions and all of this,

anyone who thinks I spoke out for personal gain or trivial reasons against an administration I served in is crazy.

Yeah, people forget that Dean Ball served not in the first Trump administration, but the second Trump administration.

and he was like, look, I wrote the AI policy thing.

I worked on that.

Like, this is not the right path.

And so it always hit little.

It's a me key.

And it's the plural of amicus.

This is brutal for me because I studied Latin.

And I should be able to nail this because I know it's a Latin word.

Anyway, it was a hugely costly decision for Dean Ball.

But this judge's ruling shows why I did it.

This is a staggeringly illegal act by the government.

That is why I'm particularly honored to have been implicitly quoted in the ruling for

calling this what it was when Secretary Hegeseth made his initial announcement an attempted act of

corporate murder. He's standing with the corporations. This case continues, but Anthropic has

scored a very large win here. The real victors, however, are all red-blooded Americans who are,

as the founders would have said, jealous of their liberties. I love it. Well, congratulations,

and hopefully everyone can just go back to building good models, you know? All this nonsense

And DC has been a huge side show, side project, side quest, as the race for compute is so much more important.

The race for capabilities is so much more important.

And so the other scoop is coming from Axios.

Sam Altman apparently told staff he tried to save Anthropic in the Pentagon Clash.

Which he apparently thought was somewhat ironic given that,

said competitor openly, openly,

openly blast him on any podcast that they go on.

Okay, well, last anthropic story, IPO,

they're trying to go public as early as Q4 with a potential 60 billion raise.

They're racing.

And so let's go over to Kalshi and see who is likely to announce an IPO this year.

Anthropics up at 70% on this news.

jumped up from 46% to over 70%.

Opening eyes at 49%.

Jersey Mike's still beating them both.

75%. So you Jersey Mike's heads out there.

They do very well in the app store. I like the sandwiches.

SpaceX is in 94.

Discord is also sitting at 63%.

Oh, Discord. What a crazy story. I love Jason Citrin so much, the founder.

But he is out, I think. And he has just a wild.

70% of AI, IT, HR, and finance support, giving employees instant resolution for access requests and password resets. We got to hit the mansion section. One last note on AI before we move on to the really important thing, real estate. Open AI has surpassed $100 million an annualized run rate.

100 million ARR.

pilot, which launched six weeks ago.

It's expanded to 600 advertisers and plans to launch self-serve advertiser access.

In April, I am close to setting up a new account and or just churning momentarily so that I get to experience the ads.

You know I love ads.

I mean, the first ad being for the Wall Street Journal that we know and love is a very good omen.

Clearly, something's going on.

They're happy with each other because they're working together.

Yeah.

I mean, truly, like the alpha for.

the audience is like new ad platforms often deliver really good results before people figure

them out.

Big companies move slower than you.

If you can be the first person to advertise, figure it out, you know Sean Frank at the

Ridge is thinking about it and maybe you should be too.

Not to do an ad for ads, but we love ads on this show and we love new ad platforms.

And we also love vibe.com.

We're DTC brands, B2B startups and AI companies advertise on streaming TV, pick channels,

target audiences, and measure sales just like on meta.

So what's this news before we go on?

Okay.

Apple's talking about opening up Siri to rival AI services.

Weird.

I don't know.

I don't know.

Apple's relationship with open AI.

Guess who wrote this story?

I'm going to guess the Germanator.

That's right.

Of course.

Apple plans to open Siri to outside AI assistance as part of a Siri overhaul.

Do we need to give him the golden scoop?

Let's give him the Golden Scoop.

Tyler, hold up the Golden Scoop award for Mark German.

The Germanator has.

has received the Golden Scoop Award for March 27th,

2026.

Congratulations, Mark German.

It is an honor. Your scoop wins the golden scoop of the day.

There we go.

Yeah, the scoop, that's good.

Scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop, scoop.

There it is.

Scoop, there it is.

This headline is incorrect, by the way.

The scoop is on fire.

It's, we don't need no water, let that scoop.

to open Siri to outside AI

assistance. So this implies that

things like chat GPT,

Emini, et cetera, could be

allowed to

effectively take the place of Siri.

The company is developing new tools

to allow AI chatbots installed via

the App Store to integrate with the Siri Assistant,

enabling users to send queries to services

like

LLMs. The change is part

of an attempt to turn around Apple's fortunes

in AI, where it is lagged behind

Silicon Valley Peers and could allow Apple to

generate more money from third-party AI

subscriptions through the App Store.

Oh yeah, because you upgrade through there.

That would be good.

I think that's part of it.

I think there's also the antitrust angle,

which is that they have had

to allow you to change the

default search engine in Safari

for a while, even though they have that relationship

with Google. When you go to the Safari

search bar, and you just type in some random

words, it searches Google. You can actually

reroute that to ChatGPT. I did it.

ChatTPD is like, I don't use

it like I use Google. Google. I

use for like really I want like a five millisecond query so it the time to actually load chat

chachyp t and then give you the full answer was not the best experience but I have wanted for a long

time to reroute the Siri button on the side of the phone to just chat chachy pt instant fast

ultra fast just get just talk to me but every time I do it I say chat chachy pt what's the history of

the Roman Empire and it loads and it says working with chat chachyp t and then it like takes a little bit

too long and then you get like a short note and then you can open it and it's just sort of like

you're always fighting in the UI between like are you talking to Apple intelligence or are you talking

to Siri or are you talking to chat GPT and you sort of go back and forth. So we will see where this goes.

I would be very surprised if people shift away from the default. Like if Apple iPhones ship with

the Siri button just querying their distilled Gemini model or whatever they're going to wind up doing

there, that's probably what most people are going to use. But it's exciting.

that at least there will be some competition in the market.

Your business is AI, their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

Build intelligent, real-time conversational agents,

reimagined human technology interaction with 11 labs.

So, Barry Diller just paid $11 million for JFK's favorite New York penthouse.

Favorite New York penthouse.

Not favorite new, because of course he has passed away a long time ago.

An entity linked to the billionaire purchased Karen Pritzker's co-op at the Carlisle,

the same unit where Kennedy famously stayed during his visits to the city.

In the 50s and 60s, John F. Kennedy stayed in a duplex penthouse at the Carlisle Hotel so often

that it became known as the New York White House.

After his assassination, his widow and two children, Caroline and John Jr., lived in the Manhattan

in hotel for about 10 months.

What's the longest amount of time you've ever spent in a hotel?

I don't think I've ever done more than like a week or two.

Ten months is a,

is a, that's a run.

Yeah, I never,

I never, I never,

went through an, I never went through an era of my young adulthood.

That's like sort of a crazy move.

That I could,

yeah,

could have afforded to stay in a hotel permanently.

Yeah.

Yeah.

But now that I'm, now that I'm a,

I was walking in some hotel the other day and I was like,

I wonder if I could like live here.

Like,

it just doesn't,

it just like,

With kids, it would just be, it would just be that.

Anyway, now an entity linked to billionaire Barry Diller has purchased Kennedy's favorite penthouse for $11 million.

Diller bought the co-op unit from another family of prominent Democrats.

Film producer Karen Pritzker, an heiress to the Hyatt Hotel Fortune, bought the apartment for $12 million in 2007.

Pritzker put the apartment on the market for $12.9.

It sold for $12.5 in 2007.

Interesting that the Chicago high-end penthouse market has not moved that much.

The Carlisle opened around 1930 on Manhattan's Upper East Side, one of New York's most storied luxury hotels.

It's known for iconic venues like Bemelins Bar, Cafe Carlisle, a cabaret space that has hosted legendary performers.

A portion of the building was converted to co-op units decades ago.

Kennedy stayed at the hotel so often, starting when he was a...

still a senator in the 1950s,

that a direct phone line was installed for him

in his regular duplex suite.

That's cool.

After his assassination,

Jacqueline Kennedy moved to the hotel

but stayed in a different suite.

On rainy days, the Kennedy children played in the lobby.

The two-bedroom apartment includes a large foyer

with an Art Deco staircase.

The listing says,

an expansive corner living and dining room

has views over Central Park.

There's also a bookshelf line breakfast room

and a corner salarium with a wet bar.

Oh, speaking of wet bars,

forget

a pre ski

because

homeowners

are now

building their

own bars

in custom

spaces

where they can

relax and get

toasty

after a day

on the slopes.

This is also

from the

mansion section

in the

large

journal today.

For Brian Healey

what comes

after a day

on the

mountain

sometimes takes

precedence

over the

skiing itself

when he

built his

Lake Tahoe

area

vacation

home in

2019

he spent

about

$800

thousand

to build a

bar area

on the main floor of the house.

Well, that's an absolute dog.

Which he can ski to from the slopes.

That's pretty good.

Of North Star.

That sounds great.

So maybe not ski in, but ski out.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I like that.

He said,

I've joked that I designed a bar and built a house around it.

This is good.

This is my dream.

I'm going to build a movie theater and then build a house around it.

That's my goal.

What would yours be?

John was sending me a listing.

Bull surfing ability, one of those endless waves, that's what you need.

You need an endless wave pool.

You know what I'm talking about?

What are those called?

Wave, wave pools.

Wave pool?

Yeah, full wave pool.

Yeah.

Wait, why are you not excited about this prospect of having a house that's built around this

endless wave pool?

Is there some drawback?

I live in.

Oh, I guess you just go to the ocean.

Yeah, you could just go, you could just be walking distance from the beach.

It's hard to be.

Healy, 51.

is an Ireland native.

Let's go.

Let's hear it for Ireland.

He runs an energy company in the San Francisco Bay Area.

This is Royal Flesh.

I got to meet this guy.

After a day on the slopes, Healy and his pals head to the space,

dubbed Healy's Bar, leaving their gear in the storage area of the Truckee, California

property.

And sometimes other skiers end up at Healy's home after getting lost while skiing through

the trees.

It's an open door policy.

He says we invite them for beer.

This is our inn.

We need to head over.

to North Star and get lost and wind up at his bar.

Oops.

Uh-oh.

We're lost.

We're lost.

I know some former guests that are neighbors with this guy.

So we'll work on connecting them.

Could you spare Guinness for us for two Irish chaps who've gotten lost?

I feel like I read like a children's story of like wandering in the forest.

And then like, you know, some character offers you something.

Sometimes that's like bad.

Yeah.

Usually that can send you on kind of a crazy.

Yeah.

Saga.

This seems good.

So, for Alpine sports lovers warming up with a few

Opry ski drinks after a day on the slopes,

a time-honored tradition, says the journal.

But instead of heading to a crowded bar for cocktails,

more and more wealthy homeowners are hosting friends

at private bar areas with high-end mountain-inspired finishes.

Real estate agents have said this.

In addition to providing entertainment spaces,

these cozy areas become additional focal points

within the house like a fireplace or a wine room.

Look at that.

People are having a lot of fun with the bars.

They are creating spaces where the party keeps going

and where the kids want to come back and hang out.

These bars have features like specialty ice makers,

dishwashers, okay, decorative lighting,

and dramatic finishes.

That's not that specialty.

I was hoping for something really crazy.

Yeah, does he have any, what kind of games does this bar come with?

Do we have darts, pool?

Axe throwing.

Axe throwing.

Let's get the millennials in there.

millennial. We do things

differently around here.

Honestly, any space

can actually be turned into an axe

throwing. This sounds good. They're coming

off the mountain, doing a jacuzzi, and going

downstairs for an espresso martini.

It's pretty good. Pretty good.

It's very nicely designed. I love the

finishes. I think this is a fantastic

choice. Bruce Johnson, a retired lumber executive

and his wife, wellness coach, Peggy Duffy Johnson.

Let's give it up for lumber executives.

Executives. They keep my

Pohoney flowing through the global economy.

The official wood of business.

The fact that we don't have a mahogany sponsor.

I think we're looking at Bruce Johnson.

We got to get connected to this guy.

He might be able to send some mahogany our way.

The official lumber partner of TBPN.

So they wanted a mountain-inspired aesthetic for the bar in their Edwards, Colorado home,

which is about 10 minutes from Beaver Creek Resort, their daughter-in-law.

interior designer Jackie Johnson worked on the $200,000

space, which has open wine storage columns

and sconces wrapped in brown suede.

The downstairs base also includes a sauna.

I got to show you, after the show,

I'll show you a video of me at Beaver Creek

around 2016.

What are you doing?

I was riding in the train.

I was riding in the train park,

and my buddy was filming.

Another buddy was sitting kind of like

on the, basically next to the jump.

And so one buddy films me.

I land, catch an edge, and end up entirely on my head, sliding on my head, like, body suspended above.

And my other friend doesn't actually see me, like having this horrific crash.

And so my other friend is just like sitting there like this, like thumbs up to the camera.

And I'm just like chaotically getting thrown across the landing.

Good, good fun.

Okay.

We got to learn about winter forward fabrics because that's important if you're trying to

create this opera ski vibe. Jackie suggests using winter forward fabrics such as alpaca fur,

Heron hides, and mohair. I like alpacifer. That sounds lovely. In designing his bar,

Healy looked to it, his Irish heritage for inspiration. She's using green leather bar stools.

That's our signature color over here. A green marble countertop and vintage green glassware.

It's Irish influenced and in a little L.A. at the same time, calling it a modern, but not necessarily

nightclubby vibe. He likes to drive around Martis Camp, the 2000. This isn't giving you a little bit of a nightclub vibe. There's a little bit of a nightclub vibe. It's not necessarily nightcluby, though. I think it's more Irish influenced in a little LA.

Anyway, to create an atmosphere of informal fun, opera ski entertaining spaces are often placed near amenities such as pool tables, golf simulators, hot tubs, and saunas.

Developer, I like them, we're getting clas for that.

Developer Robert Covington put 80s video games like Pac-Man

next to the lower-level Opry Ski Bar of a home he recently built

in Steamboat Springs, Colorado.

The roughly 7,400 square foot home asking 13 million

is located near the base of Mount Winnor.

Is that how you pronounce that?

Wener? Werner.

And guests can access the basement bar directly from the outside.

There's another bar in the living area upstairs.

The goal was to provide additional gathering spaces

throughout the home.

You need a lot more seating for families.

on a ski vacation.

For some homeowners,

Opera Ski entertaining is more of a state of mind.

Jewelry designer Jane Berg 64 and her husband,

marketing executive Kevin Berg, 70,

built a house next to the slopes of Colorado's Aspen Highlands.

Is it a state of mind or is it just having a drink after ski?

It's a state of mind.

Okay, Jordi, I'm asking questions.

Sliding doors in their kitchen face the mountains and open to a terrace with fire pits

so the couple end up using the entire primary level of their home for Opry Ski parties.

ski parties. See, anything's an opera ski entertaining space if you're in the

opera ski mindset. There we go. Often Jane hires a local, local chef and a bartender to set up

the open format kitchen, which has two sinks, one of which gets used as an ice bucket for drinks.

People ski in and ski out of here, says Jane. The home has an outdoor ski track near the hot tub

where guests leave their skis. This seems, this is going to get me more into skiing.

When you see a picture like this of champagne and the snow,

Does it give you, do you have like a primal reaction to that?

Yes, yes.

And you know what song plays immediately?

Cherry, Cherry Lady.

Have you ever heard this song?

Of course.

It's such a good song.

Let's play it.

Let's play just a little bit so we don't get demonetized.

But as soon as I see this image, this is exactly what plays.

This is like that vibe perfectly.

Love is where you find me

Listen to your heart

Sherry, Sherry Lady

It's amazing

Anyway, go listen to it

Modern Talking is the artist

Behind.

Up next.

What do we got?

A retired?

We got graphite.

Code review for the age of AI.

Graphite helps teams

on GitHub ship higher quality software faster.

And you know what else we got?

Gemini 3.1 Pro.

You thought that they were done?

They did another model.

They trained another model and they released it.

The rumor is that they're working on another model.

I don't know.

I don't want to comment, but it's entirely possible.

And with a more capable baseline, Gemini 3.1 Pro is great for super complex tasks,

like visualizing difficult concepts, synthesizing data into a single view, or bringing creative

projects to life.

A retired pictures home with a gym inspired by Fenway asks 23 million.

Okay, where is this?

Game James and his wife, photographer Ryan Shields, spent years designing building the house just

north of San Diego.

Okay.

James Shields was a star pitcher

in the major leagues for 13 seasons.

So when he and his wife

decided to build a California home in 2018,

they were amused to discover

that the lot they selected

was shaped like a baseball diamond.

We looked at each other and said,

I guess it's meant to be.

It's meant to be.

They bought the Rancho Santa Fe property

the next day for $1.8 million.

Yeah.

The pair spent the next few years

designing and building roughly 13,500

square-fired house

with a gym pool,

and green and bowling alley. Bowling alley is underrated. I know some of you folks have seen

there will be blood that bad things can happen in bowling alleys, but great things can happen

in bowling alleys. I know Jordy hasn't seen there will be blood. Tyler, have you seen there

will be blood? No. You haven't? Wow, Ben. You got a task. Team homework this week. Team

homework. There will be blood. I mean, my first question. You don't know about I drink your milkshake.

You don't know about I drink. Okay, but first question is what kind of rig are they using in the bowling

Alley because we learned earlier this week that maintaining these bowling alley machines.

You can't win.

You can't win because if you go with the good machines, they're from the 50s.

It's going to be a nightmare to maintain.

You're not going to be able to get parts and you're not going to be able to find mechanics

because they've all retired.

But if you go with the insetter, everyone's going to be making fun of you.

If you have a $23 million home, how much is a reasonable amount to spend on your bowling alley

maintenance?

Because if you're willing to spend 5% annually.

I think you have to re-industrialize America.

You have to get a couple of CNC machines and be ready to fabricate your own parts.

Here's a tip.

Startup focused on bowling alley maintenance.

Build that, then buy this home.

Then you won't have a problem.

Yeah, I think that's a good solution.

The pair now looking to spend more time in Idaho.

Let's give it up for Idaho.

Love it.

Where they own property and have several horses, the Shields.

are listing the 2.4 acre California property.

You got a horse.

Nicknamed Big Game James by teammates and announcers.

Shields played for teams,

including the Kansas City Royals, San Diego Padres,

and the Chicago White Sox.

As a lifelong athlete,

he put a lot of thought into the gym at the ranch.

I love this massive door that slides open.

They have 16 foot tall glass windows and doors

with steel latches instead of doorknobs,

wood paneling covers.

Let's pull up this picture of Big Game James.

getting in a fight on the field.

I wouldn't want to be his contractor on this project.

Wait, so I can't tell.

So he's on the right.

He's swinging for the fences.

Oh, yeah, he's swinging.

Okay.

Yeah, because he's a San Diego guy.

He's on the race.

Stingrays.

Okay, okay.

You're acting like I'm a...

Wait.

No, wait, or is he red socks?

No, it's the white socks.

He played for the white socks, the San Diego Padres.

and the Kansas City Royals.

Okay, so which one is he?

So I think the Padres must be the, no.

No, he is there's a raise.

Wait, who is in this image?

They just pulled a random.

Okay, so the gym has a brick wall

to evoke Fenway Park where shields

took a swing at Coco Crisp in 2008.

So that's like one of his finest moments.

So he rebuilt the house to...

He's like, that swing was a memory

I want to cherish forever.

Honestly, respect.

I think I would remember that forever.

Well, we should move over to some more heartwarming stories in the mansion section of the Wall Street Journal today.

The feel good tear jerker moments, three real estate agents won't forget.

We'll just read one, but prepare to not have dry eyes, Jordy, because it's very heartwarming.

So in December, Lauren Toronto, a real estate agent at Coldwell Banker, was at a $12.75 million

listing in Naples, Florida.

It was a five-bedroom neoclassical home located just one house from the beach.

This house has a castle-like feel with rotunda ceilings.

We got alpha in the chat.

What do we have?

From Woods Athletics.

He played for the race too.

There we go.

Wow.

We really know nothing on sports.

Well, thank you.

Thank you for correcting us.

Padres are the San Diego team.

Thank you.

It's really bad.

Anyway, so this house is a castle-like feel.

It has a rotunda ceiling, turrets in the rear.

Yes.

It also could.

It would like help become.

coming ball knowers.

Yes.

Everyone's like, you guys are like ESPN for tech.

I'm like, what's ESPN?

Anyway, this house also has a curved mahogany staircase that serves as a focal point when

you enter the home.

This real estate agent calls it the wedding staircase.

And it lived up to its name that day.

So she'd been at the property for an open house, but it started to rain.

So she decided to close up early.

As she was outside taking the signs down for the

open house because it rained. She sees a couple in wedding attire on the beach across the street

trying to take photos. They'd just gotten married. The woman was wearing a white dress and holding a

bouquet, and the man was in a sports jacket with a white boutenere. She invited them to finish up

inside and get out of the rain. They were soaked and the bride's hair was pretty wet. So she dried

them off as best she could. And the couple and their friend who was shooting the photos came inside.

They climbed the staircase and took a few more photos. The couple were adorable in their 20s.

and extremely appreciative.

I didn't have any champagne in the refrigerator.

So we just toasted with water and plastic cups.

It was informal, but a darling and magic moment.

It made their day in my day too.

Yeah, it's cute.

Very, very cute.

I love it.

Well, we got to change the story.

We can't keep it together.

Okay, we're going over to Drew Barrymore.

She put a Westchester home on the market two years after buying it.

No?

No, skip it.

No, I'm just, I'm in disbelief.

Wait, about what?

Putting it on.

How could she re-listed home?

Well, let's find out.

Maybe the Wall Street Journal did some gum shoe reporting and got to the bottom of why Drew Barrymore is selling her house just two years after buying it.

So she was fed up with her long drive to the Hamptons.

So the actress and daytime talk show host, Drew Barrymore, started looking for a weekend home in Westchester County.

When she saw a circa 1700s mansion for sale, wow, that is very old.

Barrymore said she felt a

carmic connection

to the Harrison County property

I or Harrison New York property

I walked in and I was like

I know my family's been here

I know that I have work

I have to work on this house

I know that I'm supposed to be doing this

said Barrymore 51 years old

and just immediately flipped it

flipping this in two years

will be my life's work

it was like a strange

spiritual calling. She lives in Manhattan with her two daughters primarily. It turned out she actually

did have a connection to the area. Her great grant, her great aunt to the late actress Ethel Barrymore

had a home in nearby Mama Roneck where an enclave known as Barrymore Lane is widely believed

to be named for the family. Barrymore bought the roughly 12 acre estate for 4.4 million according to

property records. She did an extensive renovation. She has a deep interest in interior design and has

considered pursuing it professionally. Between Pinterest, thrifting, and a can of paint, there's

nothing you can't do, Barrymore said with a laugh. But roughly two years later, the actress is listing

the property for $4.99 million. Remember, she bought it for $4.44. But she put a lot of money into it.

So she's flipping it at a loss. I think so. The renovation took longer than expected, she said,

and the family lives have changed in the interim. The estate includes a roughly 5,600 square foot,

five-bedroom main house, a pool, a pool house with an additional bedroom.

Barrymore said she previously owned a home in Sagaponic, New York, but the distance from the city and the weekend traffic to the Hamptons became untenable as her children's schedule filled up with social and sporting activities.

Harrison, by contrast, offered accessibility and charm.

The property located roughly an hour from Manhattan is a short drive from the picturesque rye in Bronxville while nearby Bedford has drawn celebrities.

The median sales price for a home in Harrison is around $1.1.1 million.

The property's expansive acreage gave Barrymore a sense of being close to nature.

It's really like being in your own personal park.

There are tons of deer.

There are pheasants and ducks.

There are rabbits.

When she purchased the home, Barrymore said she thought it would only need a cosmetic renovation.

Instead, it turned into an complete internal gut with much of the plumbing, heating, and air conditioning replaced.

Barrymore also revamped the ground floor.

floor to open up the kitchen, which felt dark and boxed in. It took a year of engineering to figure out

how to accomplish it. Well, wonderful opportunity for somebody that wants to live in Westchester.

Yes, yes. You got a, you got a celebrity to handle your remodel for you effectively for

investing for those to take it seriously, stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more.

with great customer service.

What's the only thing faster than the AI market?

Your business on MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

And our next is here with us in the TVP and Ultramm.

Here he is.

Billy Bowman.

Good to meet you.

How you doing?

I'm really good.

Yeah. How's your week?

What is your life like right now?

Are you just getting blown up by everyone?

Probably.

Okay.

Yes.

I haven't even had time to check all the DMs yet.

I'm really doing my best.

just to take care of everything.

Yeah, I was shocked.

We were live on the show,

reading about this whole thing,

because we had seen the ad on the 101.

I saw it in person.

I drove right by it.

It's hard to miss.

And then we texted Nick, one of our producers,

and you seemingly responded within an hour,

something like that.

It was very fast.

Yeah, I've been perpetually online.

It's glued to the screen to not miss anything.

Okay, okay.

So for anybody that missed it,

there is a massive Hollywood sign scale.

Yeah, 30 feet tall.

30 feet long, wide.

230 feet wide.

230 feet wide.

And on a hillside that I haven't seen any out-of-home advertising on before.

Yeah.

So I want to, yeah, I want to get the whole story.

Like, let's start, I guess, at the beginning.

How did this happen?

Were you on Fiverr, very active, or you were friends with the Fiverr team?

So actually, no, but the creative director, near Rufuah, so shout out to NIR for making this

happened, reached out to me and basically, do you want to do this?

do this and I saw it like first of all you're joking he was not joking then secondly right it's

just a print like it's a billboard right no no no we're building the sign now I'm like oh yeah right

and then like as they're sending mockups and stuff I could see like it's actually someone is this like

this sheer scale of it so it's been the work since October last year I don't have full insight

into the full production I've just heard the kind of the stories from the team so full shout out to

the fiber team and especially Ellie pier who who is the guy doing this he pulled off the impossible

together with the entire Fiverr team and the family kind of just made it.

I'm never going to personally, I love ads.

I'm never going to look at any hillside the same way ever again.

Yeah.

Because I'm surprised they were able to pull us off.

Yeah.

Even with the city.

It's remarkable.

Take us back to the beginning.

Like what did you study?

What do you study in school?

How do you get into your business?

And then I want to sort of go through how AI is affecting your work.

But just start as far back.

because you think is relevant.

Right, sure.

How the hell did I end up here?

I typically start with like,

I'm, of course, it's nature and nurture, right?

So, like, creativity is the only thing I'm good at.

Like, I'm terrible with everything else,

like bookkeeping or whatever.

And I grew up in a creative family.

So my mom and dad run a small advertising agency

my entire life.

My mom was the, kind of,

exactly, shout out to mom and dad.

Dream upbringing.

Yeah, grab design and dad was the art director.

And I grew up, you know, with like,

putting little micro machines in Xerox

and it's kind of making collages

all this stuff.

So super creative.

My whole family, my sister works as a game designer.

My brother has done all kind of web design runs a Dungeons and Dragons

and Dragons Startups.

Like, we're all very creative.

That's all I do.

I'm classically trained.

I studied at Beckman's College of Design in Stockholm.

Probably haven't heard of it, but Stockholm, I mean, it was a pretty good deal in

Stockholm.

Yeah.

So classically trained, ended up going into fashion, for whatever reason.

Worst decision of my life, but I did.

I love clothes and just like aesthetics.

and how to bring ideas into garments.

I worked at All Saints, H&M,

bunch of different brands.

No way.

Weren't designer doing clothes.

No way.

So you would actually decide, like,

where the buttons go on the shirt.

Yeah, exactly.

Well, draw string length of the hoodie

and all the, you know, all that stuff.

Why was it the worst decision?

Yeah.

Well, so it's like, you know,

you've seen devil the worst product, right?

Yeah.

That's how it actually is.

Okay, so people have really big, strong opinions.

I mean, it's constant of this,

like, you should be happy to be here.

Oh, okay.

In the worst, it's like toxic.

Sure, sure.

You can get into the sustainability part.

whatever for blah blah, blah.

But like, there's no career prospects.

You're basically, what we say, licking ass for 10 years.

And maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe you'll be the creative director.

Yeah.

Big maybe.

Yeah.

So not something for me.

So eventually I pivoted to tech where it was like, this is back in 2018, 2019.

Soundar, no.

So back then that was like, you know, job security, like all the fun design stuff was kind

of going on there, building like branded experiences on web and mobile.

So I worked at PayPal in Sweden, in Vodafone, a bunch of different brands.

until I ended up in an AI startup in 2023.

There you go.

Good timing.

Yes, exactly.

This was early.

This was, I think cream with me journey since mid-22.

That very first one came out and I'm like,

I can actually get like a hovering sneaker in the air.

And it looks like something.

Before then it was disco diffusion and dolly and all these kind of weird,

like retro AI now, I guess.

Yeah, yeah, vintage.

Vintage AI, exactly.

So from there, we did a bunch of stuff over 2023,

which chapter has they called, is a German AI startup.

up. And eventually...

And you were in Germany?

No, so I was working remote from Sweden.

So remote has happened as well.

So I did that.

And eventually they pivoted.

We parted ways.

And at that time, like the tail end of 2023, I've been posting some spec ads.

It's like a little bit more art directed.

Maybe I don't want to toot my own horn too much.

But maybe for the time, it was like just a couple of levels up what most people were

seeing.

And all of a sudden, my DM is like people from like their first AI agencies, monks, the

big agencies, like, we have to rep you.

You have to do AI with us.

All organic on LinkedIn.

Yeah, explain what the workflow was for those first ads.

Is that static images that are AI generated, then you're doing text layout and something

like Figma?

Or is it video from start to finish that you're cobbling together?

Are you doing like mixed media?

We're using some stock footage, some AI video, editing together, After Effects.

Like, what's the workflow?

Well, so that's where we were kind of now.

Back then.

Back then.

It was like just getting anything that felt realistic.

Okay.

Had a bit of grit and texture to it.

That was just like, you know, sheen, plastic, mid-jury look.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

All in the industry.

So you were able to get away from that with the correct prompting?

Correct prompting, just having an eye for art direction, angles, lighting.

Yeah, and then editing.

Yeah, and editing, yeah, sure.

Well, on a, just where I put the logo and just get, like, good pacing and everything into,

so it feels like an ad, because that's, I think, was back then really kind of a bit, a bit lame, so to say.

So back, true, 2024, did a bunch of work, did a music.

video for Hardy and Fred Durst, Valentine's Whiskey.

Limbesgue.

They were leaning into AI so much.

Ben over there.

Really?

Yeah, yeah.

They've done a ton of AI video for Fred Durst and then, yeah.

I mean, I remember like the original cover art for their, for their big album was,

I think it was airbrush, but it looks like AI art now.

Yeah, we were just, so we were just asking the founder of Suno yesterday on the show,

what artist has leaned into AI the most?

And he didn't, he didn't want to name names.

in part because he actually knows who's using the products.

He doesn't, and a lot of them want to be quiet about it,

but he didn't have like a really clear answer on like who's leaning in the most.

But that seems like leaning in quite a bit if in 2024,

we're going to use this to me.

Yeah, yeah, a lot of crazy kind of glam rock video.

All kinds of matters.

And there's so many times when an album comes out and they can,

they have the budget for one classic music video or two or maybe three.

And he starts to get low budget.

It's like, oh, let's use like a DV camera for this shoot,

or let's not bring the, let's not rent a soundstage for this.

We'll do something a little more organic.

Maybe do some tour footage for this one and stretch the budget further.

But, you know, with AI, you can probably just do a video for every single.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, that's a real opportunity.

It's really cool.

People are still like staying in the live action box, just a fine box when you're doing live action.

But like the truly, and we can get into that later.

Yeah, it's added.

Scale and the test.

We just like do different specific stuff for different channels, all this stuff.

Yeah, yeah.

We haven't really gotten there yet on the client side.

They don't know what to ask for.

They just know they should be experimenting with it.

Sure, sure.

But yeah, so then 2025, we did like...

So you're wrapped at this point by agencies, or they call you?

A lot of agency rep at that point.

Slowly built, again, I was nobody on social media.

I mean, I'm like 30K on LinkedIn.

I'm not some huge guy, but like, I have a huge sign.

But not a huge guy.

So it's building a following, building attention.

And then eventually that kind of formulated into a huge project over 25.

So we did the activation campaign for Taylor Swift.

We worked with Lewis Capaldi with Google and YouTube,

Universal Music Group.

I mean, yes, a lot of really big brands,

together with Wonder Studios and a bunch of people like Gus got to know over the A.

I mean, I worked with Dave Clark back in the day, 24.

Sure, if you hang out on LinkedIn, you've seen him shout out to me.

And what does your team look like to execute on all this?

Great question.

It's growing, but it's the biggest bottleneck for us is actually finding people.

Like on the artist's side, it's super.

difficult to find people who has the right circumstances.

So I also teach at Sweden's, like, biggest creative school called Berg's School of Communication.

They have, at least what we think, the world's only AI program at this point.

One year in classroom, government funded, and I'm there for three weeks.

So the ones with a little bit of a freelance appetite, they tend to come to me.

Yeah.

And getting some really good.

It's a great recruiting strategy.

Part of the talent funnel is really good.

I mean, like Promise, the AI studio, they bought the Curious Refuge if you saw that,

the AI online education.

Cool.

Yeah, so many questions.

So, like, on the projects that you mentioned in 2025,

what does a team look like for an individual project?

How quickly are you completing them?

Like, how would you compare those projects

to the same type of production from, you know, a decade ago?

Sure, sure.

Well, it's really different, I would say.

I mean, everyone has a different take on this.

I think having a lean and mean squad is better than us.

like we used 30 artists.

You can't do that, but that creates a kind of too many chefs problem, I think.

We have to have a really strong lead and then delegate that.

So structure is also everything in an AIR.

Yeah, and as a cost thing, you're running a small business, creative agency, right?

Like every incremental person that you bring on is just eating into that overall project fee.

Absolutely.

And some are more efficient with prompting and others or not.

I mean, the big cost is not necessarily on the credit side.

It's ours, the human hours.

And that's the key on, you know, as you know, it's not.

What did they say?

The LA News Channel, I mean, he just pushed the button.

I mean, that's the classic trope, right?

It's definitely that.

But smaller teams that can do more, I guess, it's the short story of it.

And it's super different.

Like, I wish there was a formula.

Always this, always that.

But having a lean and mean squad of four or five,

I think for the Lewis Capaldi, we were seven artists in total,

working under the Wonder Studios umbrella, who facilitated that.

And for those folks who are,

joining you and working with you, do they have similar paths where maybe they were classically

trained in art or design and then they narrowed down at some point to fashion or type setting

or typography or visual design or video editing? And then this sort of allows them to zoom back

out and sort of almost retreat to the more classic train, the more aesthetic driven work.

Something like it. I mean, I think the AI kind of family, the global one, we come from kind of all walks of life creatively. I mean, you have, you know, gossip goblin or Zach London. He's blowing up right now. He had, I think, Hollywood Reporter article about him as well. He's an ex-anthropology student. So the beauty of this stuff is that it's not only ex-industry peeps. Of course, you have also live action directors. I have a weird non-linear design career. People come from documentary, all kinds. But again, or just because what we're

matters is what's in here and how you can actually do that.

And just an obsession with using the tools.

Yeah, sure.

Yeah, yeah.

We can, that's never ending.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm sure you've seen.

What, how is your stack evolved?

Like what models were you using in 2024, 2025?

I'm assuming you're constantly trying all the new tools.

Yeah, I mean, up until 24, I guess,

me, journey was king and queen and it was everything.

Now, there's definitely a big model.

Then you kind of had flux and a bunch of other.

more indie ones coming in and the scene becoming more competitive, which is great. I think that's

a man, I think that's also what's happening with SORA. You know, not everyone's going to make it.

It's just a testament to a free, healthy market. That's how it should be. So then as Google kind of

entered the chat like really bigly to use a V-O-3 and Nona-Banana. The Google Suite has become

kind of industry standard for us. So definitely using that a ton. And then, of course, now,

Kling 3, C-Dance 2. They're kind of king on the head.

Hill right now in AI video. How is your access to C-DANCE. Over V-O-3? Oh, yeah. Yeah.

Assistance right now. Yes. How is your access to C-Dance 3 or C-Dance in general?

We've heard that there's like long queues, there's rate limits. It's not something that easily scalable.

Billy Bowman does not get rate limit. Well, so I was fortunate enough to be in the Dreamina CPP, so

created partnership program. And I've had pre-access for. Told you. A month or so. Don't ever rate limit.

So, yeah.

with his own Hollywood side.

You got to have C-E-Dance.

They're rolling it out now

and a fascinating kind of play there,

as least from the rumors I've heard,

is that U.S. might be kind of the last

on the list.

Because as Europeans,

we're kind of...

So why, is their model better

because they just downloaded every

Hollywood film ever in history?

We can only speculate, right?

I mean, that's...

The data set and the training

that went into, sure, is, you know...

Just basically higher value data

than even YouTube, right?

because YouTube is like

Potentially.

Potentially.

Yeah.

Although I feels like

at least trailers

for every movie

are on YouTube

and I would assume

like there's

like every Marvel fight scene

gets clipped and is on

like the movie clips channel.

Yeah but that almost

that'd be like if LLMs

were only trained

on content above paywalls.

I guess you're right.

Yeah,

yeah.

I mean it's all kind of

what you say

the inner working stuff

so how is the concept

or the straight like

how is prompt engineering

evolved

because there was

a period with just regular LLMs where everyone was obsessed with prompt engineering.

And then the model's got it much better.

And of course, everyone still has their own prompts and now skills and things like that.

But for the average, the average user is not even really caring about prompt engineering,

at least with text now, because the output is just good enough for so many different use cases.

Yeah, I mean, I love that topic because I think prompt engineering was one,

and synthography and all these kind of titles around stuff.

I don't care about making images, whatever.

So it's like people tend to want to make things more fancy than what they are

because they want to hold on to the old idea that getting good output is technically difficult.

And that's just gone.

Yes.

And that was the case with like you're a master of after effects or Photoshop and like you're a master of the tool.

And so even if your ideas are mediocre, it's like, well, you're the only person that can actually

instantiate anything.

So if I just give you the problem.

We have this technical moats around.

Exactly.

It used to be that way.

So Stephen Bartlett, Givier of a CEO,

this brilliant PDF article on LinkedIn last year

that's called, Your Motte is dead.

And that's just summarized all of that.

But back to your question, prompt engineering has changed a lot

in the sense that the models have gotten so much better

understanding natural language.

Like you don't need to go super fancy.

I mean, I do sometimes because the boring answer,

it depends on what you're using.

I remember old midgerning, you'd say, like, not, don't do six fingers.

Right, please, please, please do five fingers.

Right.

And you put in like the lens and the color grade that you.

Which you can still do.

You can still do some of that.

You can still do that.

Some of that, yeah, some of that got, yeah, just abstracted.

Yeah, and you can still bring it in.

And I think that kind of goes back to like everyone that comes into this industry from different walks of life

with have a new perspective because they sit on a type of terminology and vocabulary and also taste and craft.

And that goes to the anthropologist who's going to come with a completely different set of language and get very different results.

Or even me.

Like I'm not a live.

director at all. Like again, I'm a weird designer guy. But I have a lifelong passion for movies.

I've done my 50,000 hours or whatever. Like I could go, I mean, I mean, you should go,

you should go movie for movie with John. Have you seen Borat? Oh God, I'm classic. It's a classic.

Sorry, sorry, it's a running, running joke. Okay. It's the only movie that he's seen. I've seen a lot of

movies. I love movies. But we joke about it. But he's a lot of. Do you think people are,

how good do you think people are at spotting deep fakes today?

Because people I think would like to think they're good at spotting it,

but there's so many videos out there in 2026 that people are like,

oh, that's AI or that's not AI.

I've gotten caught a few times.

I've noticed these funny vehicles, if it's a funny vehicle and it looks like it's filmed

on a older iPhone.

It's gotten to the point where people will be debating like physics.

Yeah, that is not impossible.

And they're like, well, look at this stuff.

I think Runway put out a pretty funny post a couple of weeks ago about like basically an AB test of it mixed AI and

Oh sure.

I think they used real start frames, like an actual photograph and then one was just the real video and then the other one was animated with AI.

And anyone can go and take that test right now, but like we're there.

Like the New York Times ran a similar thing with poetry, literature, science fiction, all around AI generated content versus non.

And a lot of the New York Times readers preferred the AI generating content.

So you're getting hit up by artists.

You're getting hit up by companies that want to make ads.

What industries are, or is there anyone that's not hitting you up and saying, like,

we're never going to do this?

Because even, I think people were pretty surprised when Gucci came out.

Yeah, this was a...

Alexander McQueen, all the big fashion.

Yeah, they came out and said like, yeah, we're making, we're doing.

and there was, they had an interesting approach

where some of the images just looked exactly like

normal Gucci photographs, and then they had like

some GTA-esque images that like clearly

were generated. And I thought that was an interesting decision

because if they just came out and were like, we're using AI,

but it looks real. I think people would have had like

less of a negative reaction, but then some of the stuff was just like

obviously CGI. So it kind of muddy did a little bit.

But who is, it seems like everyone is now

starting to experiment.

Yeah.

But is there anybody left this?

So I would say overall for us,

like being in Stockholm Suite,

and maybe we don't have as much access

to the big narrative stuff as you guys have here.

Yeah.

Will that change?

Maybe.

But mostly for us, it's been brand and content and commercials.

Just because, like, the inns we have with agencies,

just how we position ourselves.

Yeah.

Or bread and butter, I'd love to do more narrative.

Yeah.

If I ever had time, I would do more short films.

Yeah.

Don't have any time.

So.

Also, it just does feel like,

like, in terms of the actual workflow,

doing a three-hour, two-hour, three-hour movie from start to finish.

Don't do it.

It's going to be iffy to say, okay, does the character look exactly the same?

And it's going to be out.

Two hours later?

What is the, what advantages are companies getting?

Is it speed, cost?

Flexibility.

Like even, not quality, but yeah, flexibility.

Like, can they do scenes that they never would have been able to do?

It's a good question.

And I think my kind of favorite sound bite, then anyone can steal this.

I'm not going to copyright it.

But don't spend less on.

budget, spend more on imagination. Don't spend less on budget because that's just like,

you're just going to paint yourself into a corner if everything is about like cost reduction.

Like in this media landscape with everything that's going on on every platform and

you're ever competitive and now ads are going to look better than ever. The rising tide lifts all boats, right?

So like I just think that's a completely backwards strategy. So rather. But couldn't there be an argument

for keeping the budget fixed but having more variation in the underlying creative?

I think that's exactly what he's saying. Yeah. He's saying that that it's saying that it's

If you're a brand, you're spending a million dollars on creative assets,

and you say, great, AI's here, I'm only going to spend 100K.

Well, your competitor is going to spend the same million,

but they're going to get 10 times, maybe 100 times as much content,

as many variations, as much creativity, and they're going to smoke you.

Or even just the control of the nature of the content,

because we can fucking put the camera on an arrow flying through a battlefield,

and over the little monkey, and then all the squirrel takes it.

Like, anything.

This guy's a director.

Anything.

Like, totally.

So, I mean, we're waiting for those briefs just to our earlier point.

clients haven't gotten there yet.

Sure.

They don't know.

It's just like, oh, here's, we want to do a live action ad.

Can we do it with AI instead?

Yeah.

Can we fit in this old box while the old box is gone?

You can kind of do anything.

So that's what's really exciting.

I mean, we did a protein bar ad with a Swedish Knicks.

They did have Kim Kardashian as a big face a couple years ago.

Anyway, the brief was like fly through down through the clouds.

A girl is glamping in like Argentina and she eats a bar and then feeds it to a

copy bar that starts twerking.

No way.

You know capybara can get violent, right?

Yeah, but these were very friendly, the AI Capybaras.

This is a good use case for AI, because CapiBaras are some of the most docile creatures until they're not.

Until they're not.

We played a video of a cabibara attack earlier on the show.

You might have saved a life by using AI to generate the Capi Bar instead of using a real animal handbook.

And there we have, you know, the sustainability issue as well, like, okay, the carbon footprint of flying towards it, like, doing all this traditional way.

Sure.

Yeah, good luck.

And, you know, we could measure.

like you'll never win

the sustainability argument

against AI as well.

How...

That's an interesting take, yeah.

Any...

I feel like the AI industry

has very much been on its back foot

playing defense on that,

saying, no, no, no, it's not that better.

Yeah, the first person that ever said,

it's actually going to be better.

The example that I've always used

in the film entertainment context

is the idea that, you know,

somebody making a film

would fly out 50 people

to another continent

to get scenes

that would ultimately take maybe 60 seconds.

Yeah, just to tear it down.

Just to tear it down.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's certainly going to be more sustainable

to like do the right few,

hit the keyboard in the right way

for enough times to get an output.

Yeah.

What advice are you giving to creatives?

Because what you've done is exactly

what we've talked about on the show

and what I think the general point of view,

at least from the tech industry.

is, yeah, if you want to resist AI, you're going to, you might like feel better about yourself

for some amount of time, but eventually you're going to get steamrolled by somebody who is,

loves doing the same type of thing that you're doing is just going to use a different tool set.

So yeah, what advice are you giving to creatives across their kind of career on how to,

how to actually lean in?

and I think there's a way to lean in

and get just as much satisfaction

have just as much

intensity of the creative process

and just as much joy.

And control now.

We're getting there.

And truly you don't even have to choose anymore.

I typically say it's not about AI

or it's AI and.

Because we also did a recently

like a Super Bowl commercial

for a big airline.

All the talent were shot green screen.

We background and relit them

put them in like a beautiful cloud environment

and all this stuff.

So you don't even have to choose anymore.

You can keep the human talent,

the human performance and all that stuff.

But the advice for creatives,

well, just test it.

Don't say blah until you tested it.

And if you have tested it and it's not for you,

well, then wait or stuff,

but this is not going to go away.

I just fully accepted that,

that like this is not going to go away.

I was also scared.

Like, I've not always been this happy-go-lucky optimist.

So you started absolutely printing.

Well, we'll see.

We're doing fine.

The jury is still out.

But to that note, there's more opportunities than ever.

The ad world is in kind of flux.

We need stuff in two weeks.

Yeah, good luck with CG and live action.

And you can kind of, okay, I don't always want these two-week briefs.

But you can help.

Your duties mad.

You're like, I'll still take the six-month brief.

Yes, yes.

Too long for AI, I would say.

Keep it about a month, a month and a half, I think, for a couple of ads or like 30-second spots.

But still, that is dramatically more than just, like, typing into the box what you want.

Oh yeah, yeah, because it's like just going into an AI project.

You have to think about casting.

Are we doing an AI face, where you can choose all the looks, demographics, everything?

Or are we doing like...

What feedback do you give the various labs on what they're doing badly today?

Right.

So, I mean, we are in a bunch of these creative partnership programs and it's great because you do get to feedback and it can be anything from like the...

If that's what you mean, like the AI providers.

Yeah, what do you want from that?

The six-finger thing.

Cheaper or faster, better with a certain style.

Sure.

I mean, what we're doing is what I call like live art directed realism.

Yeah.

That's, if it doesn't look like a movie frame, it's not good enough for us.

Like that's where my base level is.

So we found a really neat.

I mean, you've seen some of the work maybe.

I send it up if you want to pull it up.

But if it's not there, it's not good enough.

So like realism, that others focus in animation,

other focus in stylized, claymation.

Again, you can kind of do anything.

What I want is better.

better, more human-focused interfaces.

I think that's like making us the tools more human and less.

You want more SaaS?

Sorry?

More software.

Like more of a software wrapper around it.

The user experience of using the product.

Like actually, like I want to queue up five.

You don't want a chat bot that you can just.

No, God, no.

No, no.

I mean, I don't generate in the open AI.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Have you thought about getting into the vibe coding world,

building the tools that you want or having your team work on that?

building a harness around all of the different models.

Our site, it's actually VibeCode-in,

to some extent.

There's a really neat WebFlow plugin

that you can use as a bridge to get into,

to bring Claude into there.

Sure.

So there's just no time.

Yeah, of course.

I hear a lot of people feel the same.

Like, just the exhaustion of keeping up.

It's insane.

I mean, I do my best,

and I try to focus, you know,

branded content ads, stuff we're doing.

But I do want to...

How many Super Bowl ads do you think you'll do

for next Super Bowl?

We'll see, man.

Like, over five.

There were AI Super Bowls, besides ours as well.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But I figure you're going to get at least a...

Do you think next year there'll be more than half, more than 25%?

I would guess that certainly more than half will use AI in the end.

Exactly, exactly.

It's somewhere.

Background replacement, relighting, all, you know, combining.

Even just like there is a new AI-driven rotoscoping tool that just replaces the background,

and that's AI, but it's just a replacement for sitting there and cutting out something.

Yeah, all this kind of menial tasks that no one loves to do.

It's just like a machine is better at that.

Can we let the machines do it?

Little blemish replace.

Yeah, what I don't want AI to do is like writing the scripts coming up with the ideas

because that's the fun stuff for us.

Will we get there?

Maybe.

But right here right now, it's trash.

Like that's not at all where it's at.

Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.

What does the integration with Fiverr actually look like?

It doesn't sound like I can get you to make me a Super Bowl ad for $5.

No.

So is Fiverable ad for $5?

So is Fiver just a way to meet you?

Is this just more of like a marketing partnership

for Fiverr to open up people's minds

about the type of people that they could hire?

Sure, great question.

So besides the name Fiverr, that's kind of stuck.

Yeah, it's old.

But there's a lot more high budget stuff on Fiverr D's.

And what we're doing with the hub

is that they've curated like a really solid selection

of some of the best and with different styles also

that you can go and hire.

Because like our experience as well,

talking to agencies like, yeah, we found this guy on Instagram and DM'd him and it was terrible.

Like trying to find people who are vetted and really good industry pros is hard.

Because there's like a handful of people in the world that dust is at a level that is good enough for commercial production.

So I think that's the opportunity they're presenting on the hub, like come and work with these people.

Here's an interesting question.

So I've always felt that at any given point, at least when it comes to kind of startup style design and branding,

that there's only maybe like a hundred people in the world that actually do great sort of like leading edge work.

And I've always thought that was funny because for so long, you know, millions of people can make a website,

can make, you know, product design, etc.

And yet there's still like this small group of people that actually are pushing the frontier and kind of like leading from a style standpoint and kind of like setting the tone.

Setting the actual tastemakers.

Do you think that that will stay the same with AI?

My expectation is that it will, to some degree.

It feels like an iron law almost that at any given point,

regardless of the tool set,

there will only be a small number of people

that are true, true tastemakers.

Absolutely.

I mean, this is true already today.

Like, if you are on socials, a lot of people are asking for work.

Like, kind of mid-and-people are new.

People are kind of happy amateurs playing this stuff.

Most people might not have a decade.

And there's still demand for kind of the middle

of the pack.

Sure.

Yes.

It's just that you're not going to get the, you know, the, like quickly people identify

the 100 or so.

And realistically, it can get down to like 10 or something like that.

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, I think what's happened is that the floor is raised, but so is the ceiling.

Yeah.

So, like, really standing out is also more difficult because it's like people make awesome

stuff.

Like there's so many talented people in the industry.

So cream will rise to the top, but it's also more competitive because that's the baseline.

Anyone can make a cool fight scene now.

OK, what's next?

Like what actually makes us tick, so to say.

Yeah.

How are you building the company?

You're here in LA because you have your own Hollywood sign,

but you're based in Stockholm.

Stockholm.

You're building out the team there.

Or do you remote?

So really, really, really kind of, what I say?

Step by step by brick, really, really carefully

selecting who we bring into the team.

So we have two assistance at home now holding the fort.

Shout out to you guys for, so we could be here.

But to our earlier point, it's really difficult to find people.

So what's been a good funnel for me is working with teaching the stuff as well

and identifying some of the leading talent that are kind of AI native that grow up

kind of going to school with this stuff.

They might need more traditional schooling in terms of tools, art direction and stuff that they don't have.

How to work with clients.

That too, that too, being able to take a brief, all this stuff.

So really, really slowly and, like, it's human at the front and center of everything.

But we have like a temporary office.

I mean, it's literally just been me and my co-founder for the last years doing this.

So we're some type of, yeah, I don't know.

Amazing.

Amazing.

It's so fun to talk with you.

And because like we haven't had, we've had plenty of kind of creatives come on the show that are using, using the different tools quite effectively.

But nobody that's just like made it.

Like I am going to recreate the modern ad agency.

I think people sort of rode off how like the models are so amazing.

It's so magical when you fire off one prompt and you get something that looks real.

that people just completely wrote off the middle,

which is like actually making a product of,

like a story or something.

We had this idea for an AI video

that would be me and Jordy on the microphone

throughout history, different, like, big innovation.

So the invention of the steam engine,

the invention of the telephone,

the invention of the, you know, Wilbur Wright

launching the first airplane.

And we're there, like, sort of talking about it.

And we generated a still frame,

tried to animate them between.

And it was just like, it was quickly turning into like a multi-week process that should have been like a month that we budgeted.

But we were like, let's spend 30 minutes on this and like hopefully we'll make it work.

And we never quite got it there.

So we just never published it.

You know what you should do?

You should film it.

You have a green screen here.

Yeah.

Yeah.

The background of places.

Oh, that's good.

Again, you don't have to choose.

It's really and.

That's really good.

So we have everything here.

So we could do it.

Okay.

Last question.

ORA recently partnered with Chrome Hearts for a ring.

yes or no, was this something you'd pick up?

Is this something you'd record?

This is fake news?

Yeah.

Okay.

Depocked already.

It's a real.

For the record, I can't afford Chrome art.

Okay.

You know, inside.

Hey, let's give it.

Next Super Bowl season, you might be crumbed up.

Might be.

Okay, okay.

Well, it's been fantastic.

Thank you so much for coming down.

We should definitely work together on something.

Let's figure out something to work on.

Yeah, that'd be amazing.

Yeah.

I'd love it.

Awesome.

Have a great rest of your day.

We'll talk to you soon.

securely connecting bank accounts to move money, fight fraud, and improve lending. Now with AI.

building AI supercomputers for training and inference that scale from one GPU to hundreds of thousands.

And that brings us into the Lambda lightning round, and we are kicking it off with Benjamin Miller from Fundrise.

But first, we will pivot that camera around, show you the entire TBP and all.

And we will show you the Lambda Cloud because we are in the Lambda Lightning Round right now.


---


And I believe we have Benjamin Miller from Fundrise in the Restream waiting room.

So we will bring him into the TBP and Ultram.

We'll try that again to bring him into the TBP and Ultradem.

How you doing?

What's going on?

Hey, guys.

Thank you so much for taking the time to come chat with us.

This is the first time on the show.

Why don't you introduce yourself in the company?

All right.

All right.

So my name is Ben Miller.

I'm co-founder and CEO Fundrise.

We are an Ultroner.

alternative investment platform, I think the largest direct-to-investor platform of the country,

been around 15 years. We've democratized investing into real estate.

Your night's success.

Yeah, real estate, tech, and private credit. We have two million customers. We just took our

our fund VCX public last week on the New York Stock Exchange. It's amazing.

Very, very cool. We love Nike. How is the fun running as been around as long as as as

as long as I've been following, like, tech closely.

Yeah.

So it's very, very cool to have you on the show.

Yeah, let's get into the recent launch,

because we've obviously seen it all over our timeline.

I had a friend of ours messaged John and I yesterday seeing something.

He was, like, pissed off.

He was like, did we all miss this?

So anyways.

How long has it been in the works?

How did this come together?

Because it's not the kind of thing you can just spin up

and there's a lot of moving pieces.

Yeah, I mean, it's so funny because when we started out,

everyone told us a bad idea,

which was we were democratized investing into real estate.

This is about 2021, 2021.

Everything was hot, hot, hot, hot.

Real estate was hot, tech was hot.

And we were foolish enough to think about like,

well, what else could we do that would be really painful

and hard and new?

And so we came up with the concept,

why don't we try to expand into democratizing investing in a private tech and to venture capital?

And we're different than a normal approach.

We usually start by going in the front door of the SEC.

So we go into the SECs.

This is what we want to do.

Can we create a public venture capital fund?

And no one had ever done that before.

It took us about two years going back and forth with the staff.

And we created the first, you know, the first, it's a venture fund, just like any other venture fund, except anyone can invest in it.

And we launched at the end of, I think about the end of 2022.

And then stock market collapsed.

Everything in tech became negative.

So we were super lucky because we started investing at the bottom of the cycle.

Yeah.

And so that's how we got access.

You know, when we got access to Andrel and Anthropic and Canva, like people were, like, very bearish on tech.

Yeah.

And that's like, so people were like, how did you?

get these great names? I was like, well, it's, you know, we, we picked good names, but it was also,

there was a lot of luck there. So anyways, I'll give you the story, but I don't want to keep,

you know, if you want to ask a follow-up. Yeah, yeah, continue, because, uh, yeah, so, so,

so two years working with the SEC, you, you, you actually create the fund, but it's not

publicly listed at that time. It's just available in, in your, in your product. To the public.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, this is something that people in tech,

weren't familiar with, but you can be public and not be publicly traded.

Yeah. Yeah. And so we were, it's a public venture fund. It was, you know,

we were filing, you know, public reporting on the SEC's web, Edgar. And,

and so we ended up, you know, raising about half a billion dollars across 100,000 investors.

We have 100,000 investors. The fund had had a lot of good returns. Like within three years,

it had been up like 85% or something.

especially in the last year, it was up 65% the last 12 months.

And that's NAV.

NAV is at NAV being up 65%.

Yeah, well, I mean, it's just the mark of, typically it's just the last round.

You know, what was Anthropics last round?

What was, you know, Vanta's last round or Canva or whoever?

So we, you know, we typically marked to the last round valuation.

And, you know, we invested in like OpenAI and Databricks and all these companies like three years ago.

So it ended up doing pretty well.

It's really good.

And then so then we said, okay, well...

You're like, I'm in the wrong business.

I should have just been a fund manager.

I was in the wrong business.

Real estate's so much more brutal than tech.

Let me tell you.

It's a lot nicer to be an investor than a builder.

Yeah.

What do you guys look for on the actual asset side?

I'm assuming some of the positions are direct.

Some are, you know, you've bought into SPVs.

Like, how do you qualify on the...

on the asset side.

Yeah, I mean, our check size grew over time.

So now it's like, it wants to be like 20 to 50 to 100 million.

And the way that we did it is that we have funderizes 200 people.

We have 100 software engineers.

We built, you know, FinTech platform with millions of customers and payment processing.

And then we built a real estate AI product called Real AI.

And so we have like a whole AI, like initiative.

And so that's how we really.

like got comfortable with the different products

that we got to Anthropic, I think, early

is that we were building with it and we're like, oh my God,

this is such a better enterprise product than anything else.

Go on the list.

Like it was almost 80% other than Anderrol,

which I don't have any killer drones.

We were, you know, we really,

every time I see it coming, come to me,

like I got sort of saw some flow for deal

and replet.

And I just said, like, I just don't know.

We don't use the software.

So I can't, I can underwrite.

it would buy paper, like an MBA underwriting.

But without being grounded as a as a true user,

like I just,

it's so that was,

that's our process is a combination of being,

using it,

building with it.

And then if we build with it and we love it,

we usually hunt it down.

We usually like,

we're not reactive typically.

We,

we're like,

okay,

this is a great company.

How do we get this?

How do we get into this company?

How do I harass the,

the CEO and the executives?

It's Matt Grimm's worst name.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, well, I mean, direct with Anderil.

Yeah, yeah, that's good.

I mean, that's the right way to do it.

And I think that that's something that is like underrated.

And I think a lot of investors don't necessarily know how far you can be away from the cap table.

Yeah, what is your pitch to companies?

Is it that, hey, we have, you know, 100,000 people in this fund.

They're excited about your company.

They want exposure.

This is a better way for them to get it than investing in the,

third or fourth layer of some random SPV and and and or or or how do those conversations typically go.

Yeah.

I mean, it, you know, if you've, you're around like half the time it's just relationship.

It's just like, you know somebody.

They get to know you.

They get comfortable.

I mean, at least half the time.

It's just pure relationship driven.

Sometimes it's like more of a hard pitch.

And so like ramp, for example, which we invested in and has done it done really well, that

took a couple of like turns of the wheel.

And, but ramp is sort of very marketing minded.

If you probably have any sense of ramp,

they are very like aggressive and thoughtful and a little.

We know a little bit about it.

Yeah, right, right.

So this is like they're like,

part of their DNA is product marketing.

So we said to them, we know we have two million customers.

Like two million people.

Like, why don't we work together an invested ramp?

and see if you guys can,

let's see if we can be helpful.

And we went out to half our customer base

to a million people,

and we were the most successful partnership

they've ever done.

Hundreds, hundreds of customers.

And we know, it's free.

Because your customer base is like,

I don't know, I imagine your minimums are quite,

quite low, but in general,

if people are investing in alternative assets,

like business leaders.

Yeah.

Like they're business people.

Yeah.

I mean, it's, we did it with Canva too,

and it's just like,

Canva was so big.

It didn't move the needle for them.

And I've done it with smaller companies where we were like,

we drove 25% of their revenue growth in a single year.

That's great.

So, um,

value ad, yeah.

Yeah,

it's a huge value ad.

I mean,

I think it's like we're,

we're one of our products we love is Intercom,

which is Finn.

Yeah.

And we love them.

We're sponsored by Finn.

Okay.

Well,

we're adopter.

We adopted Finn like 18 months ago.

And we're,

and we basically like,

we invested in Intercom and I think we're invested more.

Yeah.

And I think that like,

our customer base is so big.

I mean, it's millions of people.

We know where they work.

We know what their job is.

We know where they live.

We have so much data about them.

So you said, like, I only want to,

we did this with Service Titan also

could we invest in Service Titan before they went public.

So I only want small business owners in the Midwest.

Okay, great.

You know what?

We can target, and then we can, like,

because they're investors,

we're not a marketing platform.

So I think that, like, the,

the idea that I mean, it's true, but it's novel, is that the people are, it's like,

you can have an army of people, like driving sales, marketing, brand. I mean, when we listed

VCX and when I went public last week, huge part of the reason it was successful, like very successful,

was the massive broad-based investor group who is very excited, supportive. We call it network

investing, you know, the social network and there's like network, it is actually investor networks.

Like we, we think that like people are a value separate from their money.

So, so you, you become publicly traded quite recently. It immediately trades way, way, way, way above

NAV. And that creates a problem, which is that I, as an investor could be very interested in the

underlying assets think you have a fantastic portfolio, but maybe I don't want to pay way above

NAV, even if I'm bullish on the companies. How do you think, how do you think this kind of like

broad-based exposure to privates can evolve over time? Are you thinking about, you know,

future products that would kind of solve some of these, you know, clearly there's a massive

amount of demand. Investors are excited to be invested in VCX. But,

there's clearly there maybe is like more evolved solutions to come. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's so,

so funny how these things, like anybody who's ever had any success, like knows that before that,

everybody told you it was not going to work. Yeah. And so when we, when we conceived of this,

this idea of taking it public listing it, every single expert told us it would trade at a discount

enough. They said it was, you know, don't, and we put it to a shareholder vote. I had thousands of

people telling me not to do it. It's going to trade down. And our view was like, you know,

every phase of this process, people have a reason to basically be negative. And so originally it was

like so novel and like should you democratize investing. And then it was can you get access to

the companies. And then it was, well, now you have access and you've democratized it. But, you know,

these investors need liquidity. You know, they're not, they can't handle liquidity, which by the way,

even big institutions can't either.

I went through 2008 financial crisis,

and I watched Harvard Endowment

have to dump like stuff.

So anyways, so I've thought of it as like,

okay, they've had great performance.

Average client performance was 40% a year, right?

So I was like, great, like, we delivered.

So let's just give them like clean liquidity

and make sure it at a premium.

I thought it would, but I, I couldn't be certain.

that I would have, that it would have traded some premium like Destiny.

Yeah.

I remember at least at times has traded, you know, way above NAF.

Yeah, yeah, but, you know, Robin Hoods didn't.

So it was unclear.

My view, you know, I did a whole like investor day presentation where I said to people like,

here's why it might trade up, here's the way it might trade down.

And why my trade up is that, you know, you can't get shares of Anthropic at par in a

liquid wrapper, you know, with no carried interest.

Like, you can't get Andrel and go down your list, open AI and ramp and data bricks.

Like the idea that you can get these companies at a perfectly liquid wrapper in a low cost regulated vehicle, like that makes sense to me they would trade a premium.

And that's what I said, that's what could happen.

It could also be that like sentiment gets negative.

There's a war in the Middle East.

anything can happen

and so

it traded a massive premium

I mean massive

it's been

blockbuster success

validated all of our

aims and hopes

and now I'm getting the other

saying oh yeah it's with trades

too much of a premium

I said well it's been eight days right

it's been eight days

like we have more wood to shop

right we have more things we're doing

we've just announced a partnership

with Cracken to tokenize it

Well, interesting.

Tokenization, I think, is going to be really, like, part of financial innovations.

We've been doing this for financial innovation is key to democratization and key to lowering

the cost of intermediation.

So, I mean, this is where super early days here.

Yeah.

How have you been processing the private credit stories over the last couple months?

Yeah.

I mean, I've been doing this for 15 years, right?

So, like, this is like how it always goes.

It already happened to real estate where institutional money, they raise a lot of money, it's successful.

There raise more money.

It's successful.

And they just go until it dies.

Like, that's just like how institutional money works.

Yeah.

I mean, like, and so they just did.

I mean, there's a cycle.

There's a, every single sector has a cycle.

And if you don't, basically, if you don't have a lot of restraint before you.

need to, you just always end up in this problem every single time, every single time.

And so that's what's happening in private credit.

I think it's as bad as everybody says, but it's, you know, the problem is that you end up with

this vicious cycle where once you get negative sentiment, it actually becomes self-fulfilling.

Totally.

Yeah, because there's more people pulling out, less people investing.

What, uh, how big can VC X get?

Like if I'm a major platform VC fund, do I?

I see this and think, okay, I'm going to have more competition at Series B, C, eventually.

Like, is this something that you can think can scale to tens of billions of AUM?

What's your...

Are you a dream walker?

Are you in my dreams?

Maybe.

Maybe.

I can see where you're going.

Yeah.

I mean, the hope and the goal here, I mean, there's sort of two sides to the marketplace.

So the next turn of the wheel is I need to convince the best private companies.

This is good for them.

We're one company on their cap table.

We're a venture fund.

To the private companies, we're a venture fund.

Just like any other venture fund, there's no differences except for our capital is evergreen, right?

Forever capital, low cost, passive.

A passive long-term capital, which to me is a founder and a builder, like that's the best money around.

I'd rather have that than value add.

quote value ad. So I think that we get to a place where structurally, an allocation to passive long-term

money becomes like the best companies get it. Yeah. The best companies want it. Yeah.

And so like kind of a Jack Bogle vanguard model would be if we can become sort of the structural

bridge, then we get scale. The bigger we get, the lower our fees. The lower our fees, the lower

our fees the bigger we get. And at $100 billion of our fees are, you know, tens of basis points,

right? It's super disruptive to the venture industry. I mean, it's good and bad because they're

going to want us and hate us at the same time. Well, it's very, it's very, it's very cool.

I mean, I think, you know, yeah, we never give investment advice here, but I think in general for 99% of

people, if you're excited about great private companies, you should take an index approach and an

index approach that allows you to have liquidity along the way. Yeah. Makes a lot of sense. And I think there's

like a lot, there's a lot more to come here in the category. I would expect it to be oligopolistic

in the way that even like the platform VC funds are, you know, they can all get bigger together. So

excited to see more, more innovation. It is funny. I, you know, we were tracking like,

like will VC funds go public?

Dan Primack was telling us that that might happen.

I never really expected it to go the other way,

but it makes so much sense with your strategy where that goes.

And the value prop that you've given to founders

at a particular stage just makes so much sense.

The pitch is fantastic.

Are you hiring like new kind of quasi VC like partners?

Are you going to try to poach from any of the other funds?

That's a good question.

Because I mean, it feels like you're building,

you're building Fundrise, which has like millions of investors.

And then you're seemingly like now like basically like,

I need to invest in all the products that we love and use.

And I imagine you'd like some support.

Yeah, I mean, this is, this is my takeaway.

And I guess I don't know if other people have experienced this.

But by takeaway is very hard to delegate successfully.

There are like, like Fundarize has been together.

Founding team has been together for 15 years.

Wow.

You know, every year, maybe we hire a hundred.

people.

Another success too.

Yeah.

Like it takes a long time to find people who are just like you can delegate to and they just deliver.

I think I've almost never had the experience where you hire somebody.

I've hired, I've tried go hire the fanciest person with crazy, good resume.

They just don't deliver.

I don't know.

I mean, I've got it.

It's done it with across different.

industries and finance and real estate.

And so I'd be like maybe there's a venture person who can just get access and you just pay them.

But I sort of doubt that.

Yeah, I mean, I think it, oftentimes the hardest thing is finding undiscovered talent,

but the undiscovered talent is what typically ends up actually being like a game changer

in an organization, you know, somebody that doesn't necessarily have the pedigree.

and that could be for you,

like somebody who's just historically been a software engineer

and they were like, oh, I was always like interested in investing

and then they come in and like bring a new approach to investing

that kind of works in the structure that you guys have.

I guess like my, I guess there's two ways you make money venture.

One is that you discover something before it's the hottest thing ever.

You come in early.

The other one is that you just get access when they're already hot

and you just ride the product market fit train.

And so I'm hoping this.

Yeah, and that's been the issue.

There's been so many attempts at like democratizing the private market within tech.

And a lot of them end up looking like crowdfunding platforms.

And then they have this massive negative selection bias where they're getting the worst companies to come on in crowd fund.

And then the investors don't end up making money.

And it creates this vicious cycle.

And then the companies just go away over time.

And this is like, you.

you know, potentially, it seems like you're guiding to the opposite of that, which is like you have a

differentiated value ad. You have a product that no other platform VC can offer. And then you talked

about all the potential like positive flywheel of like more capital lower fees, more capital

lower fees, more investors, you know, more value add. So, it's great. Well, thank you so much for taking

the time to come chat with us. Congrats on the success. The overnight success, 15 years in the making.

The chat loves to see it. And we appreciate.

you taking the time. Great, great to,

great to finally meet. Have a great weekend.

We'll talk to you soon, Ben.

Cheers.

Bye.

One live stream, 30 plus destinations.

If you want to multistream, go to Restream.com.

HR, built to evolve with small and medium-sized businesses.

We are running over.

So we'll bring in our next guest, Ferris, from normal computing.

Ferris, how are you doing?

Hey, guys.

Thanks for having me on.

Thanks so much for jumping on.

Good to see you.

Please introduce yourself in the company.

Hey, I'm Ferris, founder and CEO of Normal Computing.

So Normal is a company that builds AI software with the world's largest semiconductor companies.

So right now, more than half of the top 10 by revenue, semiconductor companies use Normal to design custom silicon.

And we're also using that same capability right now to bring new kinds of chips and A6 to market ourselves, mostly focused on energy.

So hyper-efficient, ultra-efficient A-6.

Seems somewhat abnormal, given your stage, to have this level of traction, but continue to...

Yeah, where did the name come from?

It's a couple of things.

So one is, you know, right now the A6s are targeting different kinds of probabilistic machine learning models, like diffusion models.

So normal's kind of an ode to the normal distribution.

But also, there's this kind of broader view that this is really the way that computing should be.

Like this is the more natural way to process and run, you know,

AI inference and AI workloads in general.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Tell us about the chip landscape where you see the most activity.

There's a lot of news from ARM this week around CPUs.

Obviously, everyone's familiar with the GPU.

And then between the TPU and Cerebrus and GROC, there's like a few other ASICs that are sort of popular.

but it feels like there's a much longer tail that you're going after.

For sure.

I mean, so obviously we had GTC last week and Jensen put forward what I think is a really nice equation

where he's saying that revenue equals tokens per watt times total available gigawatts.

So what that means is there's two main problems that we should be focused on right now from our

perspective in chips.

One is increasing the amount of energy that's useful and usable by,

us and for us. But the other is improving the energy efficiency that we have in the silicon

that we're using. And so there's a few trends. One of those, I would say, relates to the news

that Arm put forward. They have their own chip, you know, real hardware for the first time in

40 years. Historically an IP licensing business. That's part of this broader trend to, you know,

custom silicon and the data center moving to heterogeneous computing, which means that in the future,

not that many years from now, rather than having a very small number of different kinds of chips that are running all of our workloads,

we're going to have hundreds, if not thousands, of different kinds of chips that are tailored to each workload and application in the data center.

Are thermodynamic computing chips underrated?

I think so. Yeah. What do you think?

I haven't heard that much about them. I don't know. And it feels like it's very,

early stage. And so I've seen some demos, but it's very unclear at the demo phase how much is

being done on the actual chip, what the value is. And we went through this with Grock and Cerebrus

where there was a, there was very early pushback around, oh, well, like, you'll never be able to

run this type of model on that chip, or it will, you'll need to network a thousand chips together

to do anything valuable. And I've been surprised, and I think we've seen some narrative violations

around Cerebris and GROC.

I've used Codex 4.5 Spark on Cerebris,

and I know it's good.

I know it works.

We had a founder come on that baked Lama onto a chip

and made it available at chatjimmy.a.i.

And, like, you can just feel the value.

Yeah, you can just feel the value.

And I'm wondering, like, should I think about thermodynamic computing

just as, like, another speed versus size or cost tradeoff?

or if it unlocks a different vector of optimization?

It is a different vector.

So right now, I mean, the two typical vectors that you have.

I mean, really there's three if you include area.

But you have speed and energy.

Those are typically the tradeoffs that you're making.

But we're introducing a new one, which is noise.

So for these kinds of devices, you can't necessarily run,

like you can't run a calculator or something where you need.

full precision, like deterministic calculations.

But let's say that you're trying to run something like a diffusion model, right?

Which I think is super topical, right?

Because Open AI just winded down SORA this week.

It was costing them like $15 million a day to run, $2.1 million of revenue.

But that's the kind of workload that's a really nice fit for this computing paradigm.

Because you're taking something that's noisy and approximate by definition

and mapping it to hardware where the physics maps like really nicely between those equations.

You think that's five years away, ten years away?

You think less.

Yeah, we think less right now.

Less.

Yeah.

And I think it has to be.

So like from our perspective, 2030 is a key date that we talk about a lot internally because there's a view that, you know, even by 2028,

we're going to have like a 49 gigawatt shortfall in terms of power.

And so something has to change, something has to give.

It could be energy.

It could be that we find new sources or, you know, data centers in space or one of these other directions.

Or it's we have a real breakthrough when it comes to silicon.

That's kind of what we're going after.

That'd be amazing.

Tell us about the round.

I want to hit the gong.

Oh, awesome.

I have my own gong behind me, too.

I don't know if you saw that.

No way.

Just for the, it's a $50 million round.

We're calling an accelerator round.

led by Sam Brown.

Led by who?

Sorry, I missed it.

Samsung.

There you go.

And what were you doing before this?

I was at Google.

I was at Google Brand and then Google Axe afterwards.

Where I met my founders.

My co-founders.

There you go.

Somewhat of a non-traditional.

Yeah.

That seems like the perfect, perfect team for this.

Well, congratulations.

Very exciting.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Come back on.

I'm sure you'll be back on.

Actually, multiple times this year.

Yeah.

Have a good one.

Thank you.

cognition. They're the makers of Devin, the AI software engineer. Crush your backlog with your

personal AI engineering team. And without further ado, we'll bring in Evan Loomis from overmatch

ventures. Evan, how are you doing? I'm doing great. It's going to be with you guys.

Take us off with the news. Just hit us with the number. Just hit us with the big number. Oh, man.

you're grabbing the gong i can't i can't wait uh wait we we just closed 250 million

yes congratulations uh thanks so much we can put it in bill we can we can just say a quarter bell

quarter bell it's a quarter bell there it is uh we raised the money in a couple months i'm so

grateful uh very nice uh yeah so that's another funny little voice too i i kind of need those for my office

here. It's Friday. It's Friday. It is Friday.

Tell us about the investing thesis. I want to know about sector and stage. How much are you saving

for follow on? How concentrated do you want the portfolio to be? Where are you seeing an opportunity

in the venture landscape? Our sweet spot is deep tech, defense, and space. There's a set of

technologies that are existentially urgent and important for the United States to lead in. And so that

is our sweet spot. We do pre-seed through Series A. I've got an incredible team. Morgan Hitzig,

Jordan Blasheg, a bunch of other folks. Typically, at the pre-seed, we're doing two to three.

Seed, three to five. Yeah. Back in my day, a pre-seed was like, five to ten.

Five hundred K. Five hundred K. Now you're going to come a mill. Still, I mean, that feels like,

you know, potentially like 50 companies in this portfolio, uh, that feels broader. Is that

intentional? Is that how you think it will pencil out or do you think that concentration will

build or you'll wind up taking more bets? I'm, I'm betting 25 max. Okay. Let's hear it. What do you

Oh man, I love it. Yeah, you nailed it. You're there we got. If I had a gong, I would hit it right now,

but yeah, we're shooting for 25 portfolio companies. We keep about half the fund for reserve. So when

You guys know this probably better than anybody, but the winner is kind of moving fast, day one.

They tend to break out, and you want to make sure you hold enough for reserve for those.

Is the United States overmatch right now?

What a great question.

In a way that's like not, you know, clearly we still have our exquisite systems and aircraft carriers,

but it's hard to read into how the war is going, but it's certainly,

hasn't felt like we're in a great spot given this kind of mismatch and capabilities.

And it feels like our adversaries have just been preparing for the last 20 years for a style

of conflict with the United States, you know, basically betting that we're going to continue to

be one way and that how do we just counteract this threat in a sustainable way?

And so far from what I'm seeing, it seems to be like,

it's been a good strategy.

So not fun to say out loud,

but it seems like the reality.

Yeah, it's a great question.

It's funny.

Our name is the intent.

The goal is that America has overmatch capabilities

strategically and technologically,

which is the point.

You know, I don't,

we are definitely not overmatched by anybody at all.

and I don't think we ever will be.

But we're a little bit behind in some areas.

I'll say that.

And I think one of the things that makes our country so wonderful

and is that we're like a free people

that can do the impossible.

Every technological revolution historically, we've won.

Think about it.

Like semiconductors, we invented it.

Software, we got it.

And we're kind of on the end of this software revolution.

And the next revolution is going to be denominated by artificial intelligence, advanced chips, certain defense and space space capabilities, hypersonics, space offense, defense, robotics, autonomous systems. And so we're going to win. And the reason I'm so confident about that is like I get to be on Zoom calls all day in meetings with founders that are like actually architecting the future. So I feel really bullish, but I also feel behind. You know what I mean? So.

Yeah, and I'm not overly negative either.

I mean, we talk with, like, you know, up to six founders a day.

So I feel like we get to see the future where I'm like, okay, if we just let these teams cook for five to ten years, we're going to have a lot more energy.

We're going to have a lot more industrial power locally.

We're going to have a lot more, you know, batteries made in the United States, et cetera, et cetera.

You can just go down the line.

But certainly, like, we got to get into gear and it just feels like we need.

One concern I have right now is that there's great talent out there that looks at a massive category that's not even monopolistic and thinks like I shouldn't start a business in that category because this other company started like a year ago and they've already raised $100 million.

And I just think for some of these categories we're going to want like a bunch of really talented team.

Yeah, I have a question about that.

Are venture capital wars like startup capital wars where there's two companies in a single.

category and then the VCs are just pouring money in. That's a textbook like you're not getting

the power of law winner necessarily. It's not great for the economic outcome. But is that good for

America? Of course it's good. Yeah. This is great. This is part of wow. There's the

you go. There we go. Didn't know you guys had that one up your sleeve. Yeah. Of course it's good.

And this is how competition works. And this is why this is why we're going to we're going to win. And I'm so

bullish about that.

Yeah, it's kind of annoying.

Because we don't typically pick winners.

There's always a battle between a bunch of private enterprises and smart entrepreneurs that

can go and innovate and the best product usually wins.

That's right.

Yeah.

I love it.

I love it.

Very cool.

Yeah.

Where are you based, by the way?

I'm based in Austin, Texas.

There we go.

Moved back here about a decade ago to co-founded company called Icon, where we 3D printed

the first house in the United States in 2018.

which was kind of my on-trained adventure, if you will.

Venture was not on the cards at all ever in my life.

And we had really good success with that business.

And it kind of pulled us really close to the national interest.

We picked up major contracts with every branch of the military,

the intelligence community.

And even won the contract for the moon base.

So as you guys know, we're going back to the moon as a,

as a country and as a species.

And you can't bring two by four in drywall, unfortunately.

So we're going to partner with them to make sure that we've got like a permanent

civilization up there.

That's awesome.

Yeah, what a fun of thing.

So you're saying you're going to help make an estate.

I like it.

Yeah.

I mean, Texas is the greatest state in America for sure.

And we just talking about the moon.

Well, the moon, I don't know.

Maybe the Texas don't want the moon to be a state because maybe maybe the moon could just be an

extension of Texas.

That would be very, that'd be the new front of the county.

We're going to make the moon a county.

If the Texans, if the Texans get there first,

that they might try to claim it their own.

So we'll see.

They might.

Star State.

What, but last question, what's that,

what's that drone behind you?

That's a boring company flame thrower, right?

Oh, man, this is like a drone.

That's a flamethrer.

Is it working?

I don't know if you want to use it.

Yeah, I don't have my,

I don't have the gas canister on it,

mostly because I've got four little kids.

Yeah, I can imagine.

And if,

if they broke in here, it would be really, really bad for everybody.

So, but I keep it back here.

What a design.

That is such a good design.

I love that thing.

We got to get one of those for the office.

Yeah.

You guys definitely need one for your office too.

Definitely.

Definitely.

We'll work on it.

Great to meet you, Evan.

I'm really glad you're doing this.

And I'm sure we'll talk to many of your upcoming portfolio companies.

Yeah, we're excited.

Awesome.

Good to be with you guys.

Thank you.

We'll talk to you soon.

See you.

fund your wallet without exchanges or middleman and spend with the phantom card.

Critical infrastructure for the AI era.

Unlock seamless real-time experience is a new value with Cisco.

Up next, we have Moda.

Moda.

Welcome to the show.

How are you doing?

What's going on?

Good to meet you.

Hi.

I'm good.

Thanks for having me on.

Thanks for joining.

Huge week for you.

Yeah.

Walk us through the company and the launch.

Yes.

Yes.

I'm very sleep-deprived right now.

So I apologize.

that. Yeah, so I'm Envisia. I'm the founder and CEO of Moda. Moda is an AI design tool for non-designers.

People use our AI design agent to create slides, social graphics, like all kinds of landing page mockups, everything.

The difference between us and other stuff is we've created it on a fully editable canvas.

So it's not giving you back like a static image that you can't edit. It's like truly drawing shapes.

You can click and edit at text box. You can move things around, et cetera.

We just announced our $7.5 million dollar funding round, led by General Catalyst with...

General Catalyst and?

General Catalyst and?

Pear, the founder of Dropbox, ice worker Dropbox.

So that one's really special to me to have Arash on board.

Sass batter. Let's go.

Let's go.

Okay.

Okay.

So you came out with a somewhat of a controversial launch.

You're the anti-slop company, giving people.

giving people control over their outputs.

Slop might come out,

but then you can change it and adapt it, improve it.

Yeah, talk about how the launch has gone.

Why are you taking shots of the pigs of the troughs?

Some of us like slop.

Yeah, some of us do.

Slop is what you want.

You can get it in Moda.

You can get it wherever you want.

Thank you.

The pro-slop company.

No, obviously, makes a lot of sense,

but take us through the pieces.

Yeah, for sure.

So the launch, this was unexpected.

Like, obviously, you know, we put a lot of effort into, like, putting together this video, this narrative.

Shout out to show and media who helped us with the video and things like that.

The unexpected part was, like, the controversy around it.

I guess, I mean, I did put a lot of effort into those, like, first two sentences.

I think I spent, like, you know, I don't know, many, many hours writing and rewriting them.

You baited them.

Okay, remind everyone what the first two sentences were.

The first two sentences were, we raised $7.5 million to kill AI slop.

Introducing Moda, the world's first AI design agent with taste.

Now, I know the world's first is like triggering to people because it's like, you know.

You're staking out your territory.

Yeah, yeah.

But it's, yeah.

And yeah, I think part of that part of that is like, I think generally right now, there's been so many companies in every category that people have launch fatigue and for better or worse, even if,

something's like cool and a new approach, they will try to find some way to pick it apart.

But yeah, I think what you're doing makes a lot of sense. How are you seeing the competitive

landscape? You know, making slides and websites are things that basically every company,

it seems like almost every company in the world is like converging on having a product to do

something like this. You guys are specializing in it. That'll give you some edge. But like,

how do you see the space evolving?

Yeah, so I'll say a few things. First of all, our launch had, I think, like, 8 million impressions on, like, Twitter across like my video, other content, LinkedIn. We had a absolute insane amount of signups. The market is saying that this problem is not solved yet, which was my thesis when we started this company. And to give a little bit of background about myself, I'm a second time founder. My previous company, Dover was backed by Founders Fund and NYC. And I've been through product market fit. I've scaled.

the company. When I went out to

fundraise for Moda, I was

met with a lot of skepticism. People were like,

why are you starting another

AI design thingy?

And I think it really comes down to

the details here. I don't want to

get too much into talking about competitors right now

and the landscape and detail. But I will say that

everyone is kind of taking this approach of like, let's go with

the coding agents. Let's, like, Claude is really good at writing

code, right? Let's get Claude to like slop up a

PowerPoint, right? Just like spit out some

HTML looks like a PowerPoint, let's go. Those PowerPoints all look the same. They all have

like boxes and like, you know, and then you go and try to edit it, right? And it's like,

you're stuck in like this like weird drag and drop like kind of world. And you don't kind

of have that control. So I think that the best AI tools are not the ones that help you save

time. They have a place, right? So it's like a lot of AI tools have this pitch like, oh,

like you're a marketer. You can create like a million ad creatives in like 30 seconds. Great, right.

they're all probably your slop.

I think the best AI tools are the ones that, like,

let you do things that you never could have done before, right?

And this is like the magic of cloud code and things like that.

And we want to do that for design.

And I think in order to truly do that,

you truly need to actually have like a,

like this is a little bit technical,

but like an actual vector canvas,

like where you can put something in one place exactly

and move it to another place.

You can draw things.

You can literally create anything in there, right?

And so we took this very different approach

where we built an agent that is not outputing HTML,

it's not outputting like, you know, an image like nano banana or anything like that.

It took us like months to build this.

Like just didn't work for like, we tried like five different approaches.

Just like didn't work, didn't work, didn't work.

Finally, it started working.

And it's just very different from what anyone else is doing.

And I think this is going to really unlock this kind of like next level of creativity for people, in my opinion.

That's going to let them create stuff that they could never do before.

So I'm very bullish.

The people who have been signing up, it's kind of been insane.

The range is just like, there's like investment bankers, like McKinsey analysts signing up.

And then there's like sheepskin farmers in New Zealand.

Like, like, messaging me like the craziest shit that they've like done with this product already.

And so I'm like, okay, I think we're on to something.

And yeah, the competition's going to be fun.

Yeah, we talked to an AI director, Billy Bowman earlier today.

And the, I mean, he was voicing over like the need for tools.

And like he doesn't.

That was his number one request.

He does not want to work in a text box.

Yeah.

And he's done like literal Super Bowl ads using AI, leaning into AI, being very aggressive about a company.

Yeah.

And the time saving thing, too, he was like, yeah, our average project is like six weeks, something like that.

So he's not trying to sell entirely on speeding up timelines.

He's trying to sell on how do we do things that we were not possible otherwise with traditional, you know, shooting.

So, uh, very, very cool.

Yeah, one interesting thing, just as like a side note that might be, it's like an interesting insight.

I've been getting so many support requests that I've just started setting people like a Google Meet link.

And I'm like, can you talk right now?

I'm in this Google Meet.

So today, say it again?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, just like an open window into whoever wants to talk.

Yeah, that's great.

It's just an open window.

I talked to this guy today who's like, who works at this like firm in the UK.

And he set up this like insane Claude plus Moda thing where he has these like, like,

like his entire like job is like in all these cloddd skill files.

Yeah.

And he has connected it to all these tools via MCP.

And I was like, how did you even do this?

Like yeah, we have an MCP service like not even like really documented.

Like I don't know how you figured all this out.

He did some crazy shit.

I don't know how he did it.

But I've been astounded by the amount of like businesses I've spoken to that are like,

we need your API.

We need your MCP.

Like luckily we have all that.

But like it's just like the way that products are getting used right now is a

completely different than anything I've ever seen. It's like everyone wants to like chain together

these things. They want like this level of like things talking to each other in automation.

Like I've been, you know, building products for many years. For a consumer product like ours,

I would never build an API on day one. But now I'm like, oh my God, our API needs to be like one of

the like first party things that we that we do basically. So that's been interesting as well.

Someone in the chat mentioned I forgot about this, but Google just launched Stitch like last week,

which is so funny because the whole idea of like stitches transform ideas into UI designs for mobile

web application. So it's so funny because 15 years ago you would have been getting the question

maybe like, what if Google does this? And then of course they come out with this. But as we've seen

with, you know, I expect this market to evolve like similar to code gen where, you know,

massive market, tons of opportunity to just focus and, you know, you have an advantage being a nimble

startup. How big is a team right now?

We are five people, like a couple friends that I've dragged into this helping me out right now.

So we are hiring if anyone watching this wants a job.

Yeah, no, it's been absolutely insane.

I think that in some ways, like the hate is kind of interesting as well because it's like,

I've been getting people like retweeting, being like, look at these like people like raising all this venture capital.

Like doing this.

I'm like, yo, we're like a five person team.

Like, we can not expect this.

Like, we're just, like,

you've got to keep up right now.

And, yeah, but it's been really fun.

And, yeah, very excited to sort of see where we go from here.

Yeah.

Ignore, ignore the haters.

Keep shipping.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, thank you so much for taking the time.

Yeah, it's great to meet you.

Yeah.

And congrats on the big week.

I'm sure you won't have much for a weekend with all the inbound.

But good luck.

Good luck building.

We'll talk to you soon.

Thank you.

Have a good way.

All right.

See ya.

Profitable advertising made easy with axon.

Dot AI, get access to over one billion daily active users and grow your business today.

Shopify is the commerce platform that grows with your business and lets you sell in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social, on marketplaces, and now with AI agents.

I love that sound cue.

We don't have our next guest.

You will be joining in just a few minutes.

I'm just laughing about, you know, obviously I don't want to diminish your $7.5 million raise.

That's a great amount of.

funding, but it's just so funny to imagine, like, trying to redirect to the people.

Like, the type of people that are going to hate on a $7.5 million raise are not going to

understand, like, well, no, no, no, look at Google's cash flow.

Like, they're drawing down tens of billions.

Like, you should be more focused on them.

But they won't.

I think that will fall on deaf ears.

Well, in the billions is Josh Kushner's new fundraising for Thrive Holdings.

They're in talks to raise two plus billion dollars.

This is the Thrive Capital Offshoot.

Tyler's happy about it.

They're saying he's one of the greatest capital raising athletes all time.

Bringing AI to industries like accounting and IT.

I want to pull up this video from Northwestern University.

Researchers developed modular robots using AI that can adapt to damage and navigate

unpredictable terrain.

Is it a scary robot or is it like a nice friendly robot?

You're not going to like this robot.

I'm hoping for, oh, that is terrifying looking.

Let's get some sound.

You got to go back to the beginning.

This thing is so wild.

Oh, well.

I can't hear anything yet.

Oh, they're hitting with a stick.

Oh, no, you can't be doing that.

It can adapt to damage and navigate unpredictable terrain.

Let's play some of this video.

Let's play more.

It's only 56 seconds.

Playing videos is a lost art form here at TBPN.

It goes back and forth, but apparently the leg breaks off and it keeps crawling.

It's the Terminator.

Yeah.

Not the one that you've seen.

Let's see.

It's crazy how terrible it looks.

It's sending very strong negative signals to my brain.

Even just like painting it blue would probably be an upgrade.

I think it's better than when we saw the, I think it was industry get down on all fours and crawl around.

Yeah, that was terrible.

Yeah, but there's just something about those movements that tells my simple human minds.

to run. Yeah, it spikes your cortisol. No, no, no, no. What else is your fear response? I would never let anything spike my... You said it stimulates your brain. The fear response. Well, I've trained my cortisol response. Okay. I've trained my my mind to be able to... Well, so has the looks maxing streamer clavicular who has been arrested in Florida. He was caught in a TMZ mugshot. So that's important news for those who have

been following his story. The video is crazy. And we'll see, it's always weird with these stories

from the kick streamers, whether it's all, you know, a planted story, whether they, you know,

got something to go viral and it's engineered or they did it, you know, by accident. I don't know.

But I'm sure that there will be more reporting. I believe Taylor Lorenz is on the case.

Nvidia backed startup seeking to counter Chinese AI

is a $25 billion valuation.

This is from reflection.

Berber Jin writes in the Wall Street Journal.

I wonder, I am so curious

what their traction, progress.

Is a $25 billion company?

He's running like a $4 trillion company.

Can he squeeze the pennies out of the couch cushion?

I think he can't.

No, no, it's not that.

I'm just wondering.

They're part of it with Nvidia to do open source.

Of course.

This is a tremendous valuation for a company that I don't believe is released a product yet.

So whatever they're cooking must be pretty darn good.

I'm rooting for American Open Source AI.

Same.

Play that Eagle sound.

I'm happy about it.

Good luck to the folks over.

Let's bring in.

Ryan.


---


Let's bring in Shield AI.

Ryan, how you doing?

Doing well.

How are you?

We're great.

It sounds like you're really, really great though, because you have some big news for us.

Tell us what happened.

We do have some big news.

We just closed our latest financing, raised $2 billion,

at a $12.7 billion, one for each billion.

Wait, did you upsize the round?

I have on my sheet $1.5 billion.

It seems like the...

That is a preferred equity component.

Okay.

Technically, you can call it $1.5 billion.

And then as part of the round, also completed an acquisition.

Really?

You know, a company called Ashelon Technology is the leader in physics-based simulation

for, you know, high-end aviation training.

and something that's integral, I think, to the future of AI pilots and autonomy.

Yeah, so, I mean, with that acquisition, sort of reintroduced the shape of the company,

software, where are the integration points in the hardware, what do you build, what do you partner on,

who are you selling to?

Is it all government?

Is there some commercial?

I imagine the business has grown.

What's the shape right now?

Yeah, so we sell to the United States and friends of the United States.

It's all government, almost entirely military.

If you're not familiar with the company, if your viewers aren't familiar with the company.

We have two, the companies focus on protecting service members and civilians with intelligence systems.

You had my brother on here very early when he started.

He's a Navy SEAL. We started the company together.

The mission is very near and dearer to us.

The way that we get after the mission is two-fold.

Number one, building advanced aircraft and number two, building AI pilots or advanced autonomy.

Yeah.

What were you doing while?

while he was

in the nerdy SEALs.

Were you on the startup path always?

Yeah, I was doing nerdy things

working at Qualcomm.

It started a company that did wireless charging.

I sold that company to Qualcomm.

Cool.

And then led the wireless charging efforts

at Qualcomm.

And then my brother was getting out of the SEAL teams

and thinking about what he wanted to do next.

And long story short, he came into me

and said, I want to bring the best of what's going on

of the autonomous driving sector to the mission of protecting service members and civilians.

His mission was clearing buildings of threats.

It was a mission type that had killed more service members and civilians than any of their mission type

in the preceding 20 or so years.

And he felt like if we could take the best of AI in autonomy,

bring it to the mission of protecting service members and civilians.

It would be a really impactful thing for the world.

I thought it was an inspirational mission.

I did think it was a stupid business.

But my brother is a persistent person.

and he showed me the line and I'm glad that he did.

Yeah, take me through the state of autonomy in the flying vehicles that the military operates

because there's so many different vehicles from helicopters to fighter jets to cargo planes.

Then if I'm correct, the different branches have different versions of the same air frame sometimes.

And so are you selling one piece of software to multiple...

multiple branches of the military? Are there differences between what you're selling? Are you

focused on a particular area within the different airframes that are in service right now?

Like, where's the biggest opportunity? Good question. So the state of the autonomy,

I'll say like two components. Number one, from the market side, I think that everybody has

reached a point where it's undeniable to the customer base.

is one of the most important things of the future of security and stability.

That wasn't the case 10 years ago, but I'd say kind of at this point, everybody's fully bought in on the need for the capability.

With communications, the GPS degraded, you need systems that are going to be able to see think and act at the edge,

even if they can't reach back and communicate effectively with a pilot on the ground.

The state of the technology is moving incredibly fast.

You can build very advanced capabilities.

we see, I would say, very advanced autonomy deployed on the battlefield.

Certainly we have very advanced autonomy.

What we haven't yet seen is very large-scale deployment of autonomous systems.

And the focus of Shield AI when it comes to the software side is fast-forwarding the proliferation

of advanced autonomous systems within the United States and friends of the United States

to protect service members and civilians at scale.

The hard thing about AI and autonomy when it comes to aviation,

and frankly, any weapon system is sitting at the intersection of enabling very high performance,

achieving very high levels of assurance,

and supporting very fast development cycles.

Traditionally, in this business, it's been pick maybe one,

or if you're lucky, two of those three things.

You achieve high performance, but it took you a really long time.

or it might not be something that you can certify as airworthy or certify it in a weapon system because, you know, there's just too many things that could go wrong.

Or you get a very high level of assurance, but it's just really stupid autonomy.

And it took you a long time to build.

So everything that Shield AI has focused on building is basically the industrialization of autonomy to fast forward, the proliferation of autonomy by creating basically, you know, pipelines that enable developers and countries and companies to,

deliver high performance, high assurance, autonomy at the speed of relevance.

I have a few sort of random scattershot questions to help me understand the state of autonomy

in military equipment. Do tanks have lane keep assist? Does cruise control exist on a, you know,

C-130? Like, are there, are there, are, is America taking a walk, crawl, run system, or are we

going to jump straight into like AI dogfighting? Because that feels like the Mount Everest of the

autonomy challenge versus just like you're tired and your tank is rolling down the highway

and you don't want to bump into the person in front of you.

Yeah.

Well, one of the amazing things about the U.S. military and militaries in general, the spectrum

of capability that's in the inventory.

There are literally planes that are 80 years old and still fly.

And then you have stuff that's fresh off the line.

So you have the full spectrum of stuff that has the equivalent of land keep assist to the stuff.

to the stuff that is fully manual.

A lot of the focus is on bringing advanced autonomy to the newest systems because that's

sort of the easiest to cut in.

That makes sense.

And with the amount of technological change and the huge step up and volumes of systems

being deployed in places around the world, there's just like ample opportunity to cut

that software in as new things are coming off the line.

We are starting to see some interest in sort of backwards application of advanced

autonomy to legacy systems because certainly, you know, things are around.

for a long time. And the more advanced autonomy you can apply kind of throughout your force structure,

the more advantage you're going to have. And so certainly we see developments in that area as well.

Talk to me about how your progress tracks with the AI progress and the big labs that we

see news from every day. Like the models of the big labs, the LLM companies are getting bigger,

their GPU constrained, their data constrained. Is that, are the, are the,

advances in the in the more like consumer focused coding focused AI labs is that

transferring and accelerating your progress either because you're reading

research papers like Google put out one about optimizing KV caches and I could

imagine that applies to some companies the transformer paper might apply to your

business or or at least are you getting benefits from like yeah like we're able to

use coding models to advance what the the software that we're writing at Shield

AI? The benefits

are across the full stack. From development

to deployed edge systems,

the thing that we do

is focus on enabling the intersection

of high performance and high

assurance at the same time.

You know, it's like these models

that are used throughout the consumer space and the amount

of progress, you see very high levels of performance.

You see very fast iteration speed.

And then you have things like hallucinations

that can, you know,

can be counterproductive, which is

okay if you're writing, you know,

an essay, makes some stuff up.

But if you're trying to disambiguate between blue force and red force and you're going to make, you know, consequential decisions, those things are tougher to deal with.

Or if it's going to result in your airplane flying into the dirt, tougher to deal with.

And so we absolutely use those things and we bring it together with frameworks that impose very high levels of assurance on the decision making of the algorithms.

How are the various Shahad systems?

Are they primarily, what do we know about them?

Are they primarily remote-pilited?

Are they using, is there any element that's actually autonomous,

or are they just kind of picking a spot on the map and sending it off and kind of just saying,

like, hopefully we hit our target, at least we'll create some chaos.

Yeah, yeah.

Good, good question.

So typically those are GPS guided munitions.

So they pick a spot on the map and they send it.

And then they can have some terminal guidance that helps it, like hit something of value.

But what is terminal?

Sorry, terminal guidance is just to make sure that, you know, a weapon is tracking toward something of interest.

And so someone's a camera up.

into an area where there's GPS jamming or denial.

Is it falling back to camera?

It's just going to still do its best to hit the original target.

Like, what do we?

It depends on how sophisticated it is.

I would say that like Shahed's by and large and our GPS guided munitions.

But some munitions will have cameras that like so it doesn't fly into blank pavement.

It might be able to see like a truck or something else that would look like a valid military target.

to just make small course corrections that enables like a weapon to hit that instead of an empty parking lot.

It would be the type of corrections that can be made during terminal guidance as opposed to like the long transit portion of the mission.

But, you know, those types of systems and the same challenge exists in the United States,

if you're just picking targets off of maps without like good intelligence and good updates and the ability to provide.

provide course corrections based on, you know, what you're seeing on the edge, you can end up, you know, wasting a lot of munitions with little effect.

What's been your reaction to the news out of Barksdale, Louisiana? I've seen a bunch of reporting this week around some unknown drones flying around the airbase. I don't know how much you can share there, but like this seems like something where

an opportunity to assess some enemy's capability, but it feels like there's drones are, like,

the thing I've been processing is like it seems like, you know, historically, if you built

like an exquisite system, like an F-35, and you have a pilot in it, you can't exactly go and

test it in an enemy environment very easily because you'll, you know, risk starting a conflict

or losing the plane, all these different things. Whereas with,

inexpensive drones, like why would an adversary not just send them out around the world to start

testing their capabilities in like a live setting? Because worst case scenario, you lose the asset,

but it's not super consequential when you look at these overall budgets. So, yeah, well, good,

good question. One, I'm actually not tracking the latest news in Louisiana. I'll go look it up right

after the fact, but I can tell you counter EOS is a major problem for governments globally.

These things can be hard to deal with, and if you engage them kinetically, the question of collateral damage becomes one that is an important consideration.

The small drones that can harass military bases, yes, or like, you know, other countries can do the same with their largest pieces of hardware.

And that's why you see the Chinese, like, running major military exercises around Taiwan.

You know, they could stick to quadcopters, but they choose to use,

the full spectrum of their capabilities to intimidate and shape the environment.

But you did call out something that I think is also very important, which it can be hard to

fly your capabilities around and understand their true potential.

When you think about some of the security challenges in the Pacific, the distances are so vast.

And then if you look at the range space in America, it's relatively confined.

And so how do you rehearse and think through some of the problem sets when your range space is

way smaller than the theater?

And that's where capabilities like echelon, the simulation environment come into play.

That's your new acquisition.

That's the new acquisition.

And so there's a program called the Joint Simulation Environment that started to get after the problem of we can't rehearse the way that we used to because the domains are so large.

And once people have this realization, they're like, great, well, maybe we'll try in simulation.

And what they found in simulation is that there was stove piping across that.

vendors. Every vendors had their own simulation. Every vehicle platform had its own simulator.

And then if you were in space or on the sea or in the air, you had a different simulator.

And then by the way, across countries, you had different simulation systems.

And so Echelon became the leader in the joint simulation environment, which is one of the reasons

we're so excited about it because it is the only multinational, multi-domain, multi-vender,

and there's one more multi-in there, in the world. And it creates this unbelievable

foundation to enable not just what it does today, which is training and rehearsal against

high-end threats and complex scenarios, but it creates the opportunity to introduce, well,

what do autonomous systems do in that same sort of environment? So the things like collaborative

combat aircraft or advanced weapons, those things get pulled into the environment, and now you

can see, well, this is how humans and AI are able to work together in these scenarios to inform

the designs of those things. And if you continue to play that forward,

and you see, you know, it's my belief that in every vertical, whether it's A&D medicine, like,

pick your thing, vertical leaders will show up when they figure out how to close the feedback loops

between, you know, the data aggregation and generation through training, through deployment,

and close that loop in their domain. And one of the things we're very excited to do with Echelon

and ShieldAID together, we're the leader in AI pilots. You might have seen the United States

Air Force announcement that Shield is one of the two companies selected to build AI pilots

with the collaborative combat aircraft.

So we have some great work on that front.

And now by taking the simulation leader across services and domains, we can start substantially

scaling that simulation environment, augmenting all of the real world data and start closing

that loop to build extremely high performance.

AI pilots that were able to test against the authoritative threat models with the authoritative

blue force models and also train U.S. and allied forces to fight effectively with those AI pilots

as part of their formation.

So we're very excited about it in the short term and on a decadal basis.

Decado basis.

I like that term.

Yeah, decade.

Thinking in decades, literally.

I've never heard that before.

What is the actual interface, what are the, like, the interface of echelon look like?

Is it, is this like, am I thinking like flight simulator type of thing, or is it more, you know, you're just kind of running a simulation and seeing, seeing.

Yeah, so you can think of it a very simple view of like a flight simulator.

But, you know, with a proper, if you've seen like a flight simulation dome.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Very realistic physics, very realistic sensor models to include radar, night vision, EOIR, or regular light cameras, appropriate physics, appropriate red forces with not just video game style, but these are the actual capabilities across like the electromagnetic and visible spectrum that really enables very advanced training and understanding of performance.

fascinating

well thank you so much for taking the time

on a busy launch day

congrats on the progress

and have a great rest of you

I'm really glad you guys are building this company

this feels extremely yeah I appreciate it

thank you love the gong by the way and thanks to

the two gong strikes

of course of course

it's massive progress

yeah great to have you on Ryan

we're glad and thankful for everything that you're doing

with the rest of the team so thank you

all right thank you

agents meet the canvas.

Your AI agents can now create and modify

your Figma files with design system

context in beta starting today.

Go check it out.

Bill Ackman, they're saying

he's likely down 20% year to

date now. He was

to, I believe, took a big

position in meta not too long ago.

Yeah, he had some contrarian

takes. I don't know. It might pencil out.

I don't know. Yeah, I think it's

still, I've still

like, you'd be

silly to be bearish on meta over the long run, but certainly.

Bucco Capital Bloke gave some more context on what's happening in the market.

He said, the market is just a guy staring at two screens.

One has truth social.

The other is Anthropics blog.

In front of them are five buttons that say software, semis, European defense, energy, and

gold.

Trump were Anthropic post and he hits a button to make those stocks move 5% up or 5% down.

It is, it does feel like that's the nature of the market these days.

Signal had a funny screenshot here.

Someone built a, or assumingly vibe coded, an app that turns any TV into a retro flip flap, split flap display.

These are very cool.

You've seen these.

They flip around.

You see them in old airport terminals for when the flights are leaving.

Wayne chimes in and says, I'm very likely going to build this with Claudeco this afternoon

and post a link to a free download to this thread because this is absolutely red.

ridiculous to suggest that someone should pay $199 for something that probably took about 18 minutes to make.

And Yash, the creator, says, I will look for your post.

And exactly one minute later, open source my tool to render your efforts a total waste.

Try me.

And so there's a little bit of a standoff in the vibe coding world.

I thought that was very, very funny.

Is there anything else you want to?

Lastly, some texts from.

Q1 of last year, Mark Zuckerberg texts Elon.

Looks like Doge is making progress.

I've got our teams on alert to take down content doxing or threatening the people on your team.

Let me know if there's anything else I can do to help.

Elon reacted heart.

And he says, are you open to the idea of bidding on the OpenAI IP with me and some others?

Suck says, want to discuss live?

Oh, interesting.

And Matthew Zitland, former guest, says you can tell who is used to antitrust investigations.

Well, stay safe out there.

If you're planning on bidding for some IP and you're two of them, you're chatting with the richest man in the world.

Yeah, maybe stick to a phone call.

Who knows?

Well, good luck out there.

We'll be an interesting weekend of news.

The markets are now closed, which means...

We can go to...

Where do we go on the weekends?

To the beach.

Well, I was going to say it means that you want to be refreshing.

Truth Social.

Yes.

You want to stay up to date.

And it's red.

We closed way down.

The S&P closed down 1.67.

Good opportunity to touch grass.

Yes.

But next Monday, we've got Take Him, Logan Bartlett.

We got Cody Coe joining.

We got going, Cody Coe going back to back with Brett Adcock.

Let's go.

Never before on a podcast.

Have we had Cody Coe and Brett Adcock back to back?

Charter territory.

I'm very excited.

I've been a huge fan of Cody Co for a long time.

I watched a ton of his YouTube video.

Yeah.

It will be very fun.

Anyways, leave us five stars off the podcast, Spotify, sign up on the newsletter at TBPN.com.

We hope you have the best weekend of your life.

We will see you Monday.

We love to.

Flashbang!