=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Harvey's Margin Whiplash, Human Powered Agents, McLaren Rebrand, Insects > Humans? | Ben Thompson, Gagan Biyani, Alex Ratner, Peter Kalogiannis, Daniel Petkevich
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/harveys-margin-whiplash-human-powered-agents-mclaren-rebrand-insects-humans-ben-thompson-gagan-biyani-alex-ratner-peter-kalogiannis-daniel-petkevich
Datum: 2026-09-23
Länge: ~139k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

TBPN Live - Harvey's Margin Whiplash, Human Powered Agents, McLaren Rebrand, Insects > Humans? | Ben Thompson, Gagan Biyani, Alex Ratner, Peter Kalogiannis, Daniel Petkevich Transcript and Discussion

Home

Transcribe From URL

Pricing

Brand Intelligence

Podcasts

Categories

About

Contact

Submit Podcast

Single Podcast

Multiple/All Podcasts

Search through episodes of a specific podcast.

Select Podcast

Clear Selection

TBPN Live

Loading...

Basic Search

Advanced Search

Episode Title Search

Search Keywords

Exact Match

Date Filter (Optional)

No Date Filter

Before

After

Between

Search

Transcribe From Audio/Video Link

Home

TBPN Live

Harvey's Margin Whiplash, Human Powered Agents, McLaren Rebrand, Insects > Humans? | Ben Thompson, Gagan Biyani, Alex Ratner, Peter Kalogiannis, Daniel Petkevich

Technology

Share

TBPN Live - Harvey's Margin Whiplash, Human Powered Agents, McLaren Rebrand, Insects > Humans? | Ben Thompson, Gagan Biyani, Alex Ratner, Peter Kalogiannis, Daniel Petkevich

Episode Date: September 22, 2026

(01:32) - Harvey's Margin Whiplash (12:54) - Insects &gt; Humans? (26:44) - Human Powered Agents (45:59) - McLaren Rebrand (50:27) - Toy Sales Growth Driven by Adults (56:12) - Ben Thompson,

...

Read less

Transcript

Discussion

(0)

You're watching TBPN.

Today is Tuesday, September 22nd,

2026.

We're live from the TBPN Ultradown,

the temporal technology, the forks of finance.

A little teaser.

That's foreshadow.

When you see me wear the yellow suit,

I tell you about ramp,

time is money, save both.

Easy use corporate cards, bill pay accounting,

and a whole lot more.

All in one place.

Jordi, his hat game has evolved.

He's now wearing the fedora with the blackstone cap on top,

which I assume can only mean.

one thing. It means that your top priority is safety in financial markets. Financial markets. And

the financialization. No, but also my safety as well. Oh, you care about both. I care about both.

So you want to accelerate the AI build out safely. Safely. Yes. I thought it was, I thought it was you're

going to blend the two and you're like, look, I want, I want insane private credit deals, trillion dollars of

capital to flow into the AI build out, but I wanted to do it safely. I want. I want every, I want a

I want to prioritize safety on the whole frontier.

Okay.

Safety around the models.

The capital markets?

Safety and financial market?

In the capital markets.

Both.

Okay.

Okay.

I'm seeing where you get there.

Well, there's no safer place to participate in the capital markets then on the New York

Stock Exchange.

Want to change the world?

Raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

Just do it.

Stop making excuses.

Mabel.

ridiculous.

Anyway, I got some Harvey takes.

Should we run through those?

You want to do Harvey first?

Well, that's, uh, people are, people are taking shots at Harvey.

It started with Samuel Rowling.

I won't stand for it.

I won't stand for it.

No, I like Harvey.

We've talked to some lawyers that use Harvey.

Seems like a great product.

We also had Logora on the show just last week.

Had a good time with them.

Seems like a very competitive space.

But the headline that grabbed attention actually came from Bloomberg reporting.

But then this, this company.

called the Red Line HQ actually did a pull quote on that, got the reporting, repurposed it.

So you don't even have to go to Bloomberg.

We'll talk about that later too.

No one's going to news websites anymore.

But they say track changes.

Harvey's gross margin fell from about 50% to negative 50% by June as agent token use

spiked 20-fold on rented open AI and anthropic models, Bloomberg reports.

And so it seems really bad.

Like, you definitely don't want negative gross margins as a software company, as a tech company.

Like, as any company.

As really as any company, actually, you don't want to be selling a dollar for 50 cents.

And that's exactly what they did in June, basically.

That's what they were doing.

They were selling tokens at negative gross margins.

Not good.

But there's way more details in the actual reporting.

So you should go read the Bloomberg report, subscribe and actually read it because there's way more details.

So the first thing is like, cost did explode.

they, but it was on the back of more product usage, which is good.

They're growing ARR.

We'll get into that.

And token consumption increased 20x this year.

So basically, they are feeling the reasoning era, the agentic era, one, one job, one process in Harvey is generating a lot more token.

Had seat-based pricing.

Yep.

And then AI got a lot better.

So every seat was just using it way more.

Yeah.

Very simple.

But it's not just using it more.

It's that your, the lawyer might be.

saying the exact same thing as they did a year ago,

they might say,

review this.

But instead of like one-shotting it with no reasoning,

they went to reasoning,

which generated way more tokens.

And then they went to agents.

So they were like,

okay, it's actually going to fan out,

look at everything across your firm,

all the other records that you have,

all your different policies and MD files,

like everything that you have

is going to be worked through this agent.

And so you're generating way more tokens.

So that created negative gross margins.

But the good news is that they're already back

to positive gross margins,

is in the Bloomberg article, kind of criminal not to repurpose that because it really makes it look

like they are running at negative gross margins. They had a negative 50% gross margin in June,

but they are back to positive gross margins. They change their model usage. Of course,

there's a whole bunch of models that are cheaper and better for certain things. And they actually

fine-tuned, an open-weight model. So they did post-training on an open-weight model, and they're

calling it Harvey Tenet. And there's some interesting details there. I want to debate with you.

on like the value of that where that goes.

First.

Gabe.

One of the founders of Harvey responded.

He said the hardest thing about building, Harvey is doing what's best for our customers,

despite immense pressure to do what's easy.

The easy thing would have been to force our customers into consumption pricing

before they were ready and serve them worse models to protect our margins.

We chose to help our customers transition on a timeline that works for them and give them

the best models in the meantime, even though it hurt our margins.

This meant optimizing our product through routing, harness improvements,

and post-training so we could serve Frontier Intelligence at an affordable price.

It also meant building the infrastructure for customers to monitor and manage spend, usage

dashboards per matter cost attribution, spend caps, and ROI reporting.

As a result, we improved our gross margins from negative 50% to positive in a single quarter,

despite usage doubling month every month and continuing to serve the best models.

Our philosophy is simple, do what's best for our customers, even when it's painful,

hurts our margin or draws criticism from competitors X and the press.

We believe the most important part of building a company is earning and keeping your

customers trust.

You do that by doing the hard thing for them, even when it costs you.

A bunch of great points in here.

Even outside of the Bloomberg piece and the subsequent coverage, Max from Lagora was going

pretty hard saying it doesn't make sense.

It doesn't make sense to train your own models because the public,

So basically, like, publicly available frontier models are dropping and cost.

Sure.

And the quality is increasing.

So you're just sort of like wasting your own.

And again, like, that's a bet that he's making.

Harvey's going to make another bet.

Probably some mixture of both is going to be the right approach.

There's another interesting sort of like how bad is this situation just comp,

which is, so they had negative 50% gross margins in June.

They're at a $400 million run rate for ARR, I suppose.

And so that's $33 million a month.

And so negative 50% margins means they lost $16 million, but they've raised like $500 million.

So in terms of like burn, it's not super cause for crisis, in my opinion.

And what's interesting is that even through June, maybe they did the Sequoia deal that valued the company at 15.5 before that happened.

because it was announced September 9th,

but I have to imagine that

the deal probably got done

with at least some insight

into those negative gross margins in June.

What do you think?

I would assume so, but the main thing is like

every application layer company has like

gone through a moment like this, even if it was

for like a single day.

Totally, totally. So it matters how quickly you can respond

and adjust.

Yeah. So where do they need to get to?

Like, what is the standard for the legal technology industry?

There's some comps here.

E-disco provider disco, public company, 75% gap gross margins.

Like, it is a software tool that when you're going into discovery, you need to connect with a bunch of data.

Okay, we got a whole bunch of tech messages, a whole bunch of emails.

Let's put them in a system so we can review them, sort of, you know, normal SaaS.

I'm sure there's a bunch of AI involved now.

But that business is running at 75% gross margins.

Thompson Reuters has legal professionals segment of software.

That's running at almost 50% adjusted EBITDA margins.

So like true, true net profit.

So that's sort of the way they want to be.

Also, peer play law firms have really high margins as well.

Hard to comp them to businesses because they pay out to the partnership.

But Pricewaterhouse-Coopers reports net profit margins around 41% for the top 10 firms.

It's lower for firms 10 to 9, 10 to 10.

100 or something like that. But still, lots of health in the legal industry broadly. Obviously,

everyone knows lawyers make money. That shouldn't be surprising. And yeah, tokens are getting cheaper

by the day. There's a bunch of model launches. Opus 55 launched today. GROC 4.7 was yesterday.

And GROC 4.7, no one was, even Elon was like, okay, we're not jumping straight to the frontier

with this. It's going to be a couple more iterations, but we're excited with the progress. But

there was one benchmark that really jumped out. And it was actually the Harvey legal agent benchmark,

which is interesting. So I don't know how insanely good that benchmark is. It might be, you know,

you could you could bench max against it. But the interesting thing about that particular benchmark

was that it was a legal task benchmark based on cost. And so GROC 4.7 is particularly cheap

for the type of legal work that at the very least Harvey wants to do. So you could see them

funneling more token spend towards

XAI and GROC.

Do you have something?

You wanted to give it up for big law?

The chat wants to give it up for big law.

They're the real winners here.

Additionally,

GPD6, Sol and Luna are starting to roll out.

So we'll look out for announcements there soon.

There were some cool demos.

I saw one Opus 55.

I mean,

Chad says the combination, the hat jacket combination

isn't working, I'll try to adjust

a little bit. I'll try to

adjust. Hopefully that's better.

Flawless, yeah, thank you. Thank you for

flagging. Huge upgrade.

Very funny.

Yeah, I saw a cool

demo where someone sketched out on a piece of

paper, sort of a trebuschet and

Opus 55 took that image

into simulation and created

like a virtual version of it.

The AI

is continuing

used to impress in terms of translation of things. Oh, your kid drew a, you know, some crazy

mythical creature, turn it into a story, turn it into a movie, turn it into a video game.

Whatever, whatever format you want, if you want to read a 2,000-page novel based on

Call of Duty Modern Warfare 4, like you can probably do that now. So you can have your content

in any specific format you want.

It seems to be where the AI continues to impress.

Codex is a powerful workspace for getting work done with AI agents,

whether you're writing code, analyzing data,

creating content or automating business workflows.

Codex helps you move projects forward from start to finish.

I've been having a lot of fun generating AI videos with Codex.

Should we pull up your latest masterpiece?

Yeah.

The literally me compilation, it burns up the Internet and vibreels all of the time.

But now, if you see those literally me characters and you're like, I am Jake Jalenhall and nightcrawler.

I am, I forget who else is there.

Patrick Bateman in American Psycho.

You can put yourself in the movie.

There's Inception.

We got Jordy in there.

That's Drive.

I think that's Heat.

Mad Men.

Can we call them out?

I think that's Fight Club.

You got Joker.

You got Taxi Driver.

You got Nightcrawler.

No Country for Old Men.

Social Network.

Godfather.

Back to Joker.

I forget that one's Stockshank, maybe.

That one's collateral.

Then Blade Runner.

Blade Runner again, I think.

Yeah.

Some of the renders are really, really good.

That one, like, your face doesn't quite fit on Leo's head, but that one's really good.

That one works pretty well.

This one's a little awkward.

The Joker, it's really just walking Venus's face.

Didn't actually swap you in.

It was just, like, it didn't work.

And I was like, do it anyway.

I don't care.

It's fine.

It's going to be on screen for two seconds.

That one's good.

John is really my human agent.

He just,

he's sort of like an ambient always on agent.

That's what I'm saying.

I don't even have to tell you.

You just predict my needs, right?

You'll send me something like this.

Everyone should have a John in their life.

Everyone should.

Everyone should.

But yeah, fun,

fun, powerful tool.

Still got 500 bucks locked away in Higgs field in the wrong section.

Can't do anything with it.

So maybe just give away the account or something.

I don't know.

Anyway, what matters more?

People or insects?

Tough call, John.

We should get into maybe one side of it first.

Yeah.

And before we form an opinion.

Okay.

The human side.

You want to steal man the human side?

Look, and I'll just say that we're coming to you live.

Yeah.

We had a rough morning with the mosquitoes.

We actually had to, we had to door dash one of those bug bite treatment thing, the heat, whatever.

What do you call them, Tyler?

I think it's like insect bite healer.

That's what it's listed as.

It did work because I, yes, Sebastian says I'm famously pro-mosquito.

Yes.

But a mosquito did bite me on the face today.

and a bunch more time.

So I ended up capitulating

and having to get one of these.

But I don't like using these.

I don't like using these.

It's funny because I'm, I'm, I can't stand EA's

and I think they're weird freaks.

And I don't think they should be anywhere near public policy

or anything like that.

But the one thing that I can agree on with Ben,

this guy writing this post that,

insects are more important than humans is I don't think anyone should I don't think we should

harm the insects right oh okay I think humans are more important but that doesn't mean we we you got to

like take them all out yeah just go somewhere else you you you would take sort of you would be altruistic

towards the towards the insects Ellie says mosquitoes are terrorists of the air they really are

you would you would you want to be altruistic towards the mosquitoes you want to be effective in

your altruism when it comes to mosquitoes you don't want to no I want them I want to I want to

them effectively to be nowhere near me.

Okay.

But I don't want to harm them.

Okay, okay.

But let's get into this.

Let's get into the Bentham's Bulldog post.

Agents, meet the canvas.

Your AI agents can now create, modify your Figma files with design system context.

So, an effective altruist who writes under the name Bentham's Bulldog went viral over the

weekend for an essay titled, Insects Matter More Than People,

in the aggregate, arguing that the combined welfare of insects outweighs that of humanity.

His basic argument is one of scale.

Insects are so numerous that even if their capacity for suffering is only a tiny fraction of ours,

their total suffering could still dwarf human suffering.

It's almost just a thought experiment.

There's so many other directions you could make.

Why not go pound for pound?

Maybe cows are the most important because there's a lot of cows and they weigh a lot.

There's probably more aggregate pounds of cow than humans.

Maybe they matter more than humans in the aggregate, right?

Or fur, like the amount of fur on all the monkeys in the world is more than all the fur on all the humans in the world.

And so maybe monkeys matter more.

I don't know.

It's completely arbitrary where people draw these lines.

But he estimates that for every second of human life, insects collectively spend roughly 270,000 seconds dying.

about 75 hours and notes that more insects die in a single second than the total number of humans

who have ever lived. Wow, that's a crazy stat. I mean, the guy pulled some cool numbers together.

This is interesting. This is fun fact territory. A large part of the essay turns on whether

insects can experience pain. Bentham's bulldog argues that they can, even weekly.

If they can, even weekly, their suffering should count morally just as ours does.

What species you are is just totally irrelevant to whether

It's bad for you to feel terrible pain.

Using what he describes as a conservative assumption that insects experience pain at just one 10,000th the intensity that humans do,

he concludes that the sheer number of insects would still produce vastly more suffering in the aggregate.

He ultimately argues that insects may experience more suffering in a single day than humans have throughout all history.

Now, is there a piece on this where this is the view of the, of, of,

this community with the relative, like, are they looking forward to how a world might interact

with like a godlike machine super intelligence and humans?

So the idea is like, we got to stand up for the insects now because we are the insects of

the future.

So we want them to make the same calculus.

I think that's certainly like where the thought experiment goes.

Yeah, right?

And so this feels almost like bait or like a trap where it's like, if you are the,

type of person that jumps on this and says, no, I disagree.

Like, insects don't matter more than people in aggregate.

Then you're setting yourself up for, like, the dunk that's, okay, well, now there are

a quadrillion superintelligences that can all feel pain in some abstract way.

And so they're more valuable.

And now you're the insect.

And so your previous argument can be used against you to advocate for your own eradication.

And so it's like, stand up for the insects now.

lest you be discarded in the in the robotic future yeah I don't know the the reactions to

this were rough people did not like this argument at all well it's it's just the timing is

funny because there's so much tension building around yeah the sort of EA

rationalist movements with which is super fractured people don't realize how fractured but

but it's sort of boiling up to the sort of national yeah level in a way that it hasn't

before.

Yeah.

And so during the midst of that broader conversation to come in and being like, yeah, insects

actually matter more than people.

Yeah.

In the aggregate.

What were some of the reactions?

Dumer said,

if you truly believe that a bug's life is worth more than a human life, you will immediately

feed yourself to bugs.

Do it right now.

If you don't do this, you are a fraud, a liar, poser.

Yeah, I think it's actually important for people to read the, before you go and comment

on this article, watch a bug's life at half speed.

Half speed.

Yeah, watch the whole movie at half speed.

You're a movie guy, but...

I think we coexist.

Maybe you're not a fan of watching movies at a half speed.

It's not really how the...

I'm really a half speed guy.

But half speed is a great sort of tool to have in the tool chest

when you want to deeply comprehend.

2x speed, 3D glasses with the two different movies interlaced

so I can get one movie in one eye, another movie in the other eye,

one audiobook here, one podcast.

podcast here.

Duo.

While I'm sleeping.

Yeah.

With the duo.

Exactly.

Max,

Brainrod.

No, I think this is an odd.

I mean, the fracturing of EA really, like, leads to a really, really wide range of outcomes that get sort of lumped together, everything from the pace, the frontier essay to this.

These are clearly very, very different pieces of communication.

and yet they get sort of lumped together.

And it must be full employment if you're in the public relations department over there.

Yeah, I was going to say, I think the shrimp welfare stuff makes more sense to this because

like I'm not really sure what, like after reading this and say I agree, like what are the next steps?

Like we're not like really factory farming insects.

Sure.

Maybe through pesticides or something.

Speak for yourself, brother.

Yeah, yeah.

The shrimp welfare.

Got some big announcements coming soon.

Like what percent of these like 600 billion insect deaths per second are preventable?

Preventable.

Yeah.

Or like with the shrimp, you know, you can say like, okay, change the farming practice or just don't eat the shrimp.

Yeah.

So I think that's why maybe this was less impactful.

I don't know.

Yeah.

I mean, it's all a continuum to like until you get to like the veganism, like the animals who you can pet, you know, should be able to live full lives.

This is sort of the most abstracted version of that.

But, yeah, I don't know.

It's odd.

Yeah, very, very.

But I mean, I guess it's a good, good opportunity to go viral if you're looking for some attention right now.

More importantly, update on TBPN's Road to Christmas.

Oh, yeah.

We're down to just 93 days.

93 days.

A lot to think about, a lot of moves to make.

And we couldn't be more excited.

Start counting it down.

Yeah.

I was trying to think of a realistic AI doom scenario.

Like everyone's like, oh, I can't imagine it.

And so I actually mapped out one that maybe I could take you guys through.

I wrote a little script here called The Old Way.

So, you know, fades in, starts in the TBPN Ultradome.

Me, you, Tyler, we're all doing the show.

All of a sudden, all the phones in the Ultrodome light up.

Emergency alert, unknown biological event, shelter immediately.

outside alarms begin to sound across Los Angeles.

A strange haze starts pouring through vents and drifting across the streets outside.

I see a cloud approaching the Ultradelm entrance.

First thing I do, bioweapon attack, this is what you got to do.

Boom, right there.

It's not going in your mouth.

You're good.

Second step, pull out your gun.

Boom, boom, boom, boom.

Start blasting whoever's responsible.

You're just firing wildly.

Once you got the situation a little stabilized,

Then we got to start, we got to figure out what's going on.

So I go over to Tyler and I say, look, we got to hack into the superintelligence.

We got to figure out what is going on with this, with this bio weapon.

And he's like, sure.

Like, yeah, let's hack into it.

Like, I'll open up codex.

What do you want me to prompt?

I'm like, no, the AI has gone rogue.

We have to do this the old way.

He's like, okay, I'll open clog code.

Like, what do you want me to prompt?

And I'm like, no, the old way.

He's like, okay, I got cursor open.

Like, what are we doing here?

I'm like, no, Tyler, we have to go back to the old way.

He's like, okay, I got GitHub copilot fired up.

I'm like, no, Tyler, you can't use any AI at all.

He's like, okay, just let me know what code you want to write, and I'll look it up on stock overflow.

And I'm like, no, the internet has been contaminated, Tyler.

We can't use anything.

We have to code the old way.

We have to do it by hand.

And Tyler's like, I can't.

We don't know how.

I don't remember anything.

I can't write any code.

So what do we do now?

next, we got to get George Hatz.

He's the only one who can help in this scenario.

So we go...

He's the only one that remembers how to code.

He's got local models stored.

He's got his own hardware.

So we go get George Hots.

And then we're like, okay, George Hacking into the superintelligence.

Tell us what's going on with this bioweapon.

And why aren't we affected?

Like, we've been walking around.

We seem to be fine.

Everyone else is turning into a zombie.

What's going on?

So he locks in, he writes some code.

He hacks in, figures it out.

He says, Jordy, tell me about your diet.

And you're like, well, I just eat at Arawan exclusively.

He's like, yeah, my analysis shows that your body has never had a toxin in it.

And so you are immune to the bioweapon.

It doesn't affect you at all.

And I'm like, but how do you explain me?

I only eat Aeroon once a day.

And he's like, well, John, my analysis indicates that you might have had the original four loco.

Did you drink the original four loco?

In large quantities?

And I was like, yeah, I was daily driving in college.

Why?

Your body consumes so much original for a loco.

It's now essentially pure toxins.

So the bioweapon sees it as a hostile environment.

It doesn't even try to infect you.

So you are immune.

So we're both immune.

But the bioweapon is still wreaking havoc on America, so we've got to get to the bottom of it.

So we're going to need some muscle.

So we go get Sam Seulek.

So we go get Sam Seulek.

and we're like, let's go.

We got to go to the data center.

We got to break in and shut this thing down.

That's the only option.

So we get in the Cadillac Black Wing.

We jump it off of ramp,

slam into the data center,

pull out the gun, start blasting the GPUs.

We're just firing everywhere.

Finally,

finally, after we've shot 90% of the data center,

it's just bullets everywhere.

We get the king everywhere.

Finally, a humanoid robot emerges.

It's Mecca Hitler.

We got to fight them.

We've got to fight them.

We're shooting.

We're shooting.

The bullets are just bouncing right off.

They're just bouncing right off.

We're getting beat up.

We're trying to fist fight it.

Sam Sulik's doing nothing.

It's not working.

And then at the last second,

do, do, do, do,

John Sina breaks through the roof,

slams down the humanoid robot,

rips his head off,

and humanity wins.

So that's kind of like a concrete example

of like how AI Doom,

how, you know, a runaway rogue area.

Just one scenario.

That's one possible scenario.

I put it in like,

I put it at 10%. That's the way it plays out. Yeah. That's kind of where I'm at right now.

Yeah. That's how I'm thinking about it. Yeah. 10% if we don't do anything around safety.

Well, we'd, well, that's what we'd have to do. We'd have to like this. If the bioweapon comes.

Yeah. Cover up and eat a lot of air one and drink a lot of original four loco.

Round of applause. I didn't know that was coming. And I didn't know where it was going.

I'm just trying to like think more concretely about about how these things will play out. And be prepared. You got it. You got to, you got to

be prepared for what happens. You also have to get on console.com. Console builds AI agents that

automate 70% of IT, HR and finance support, giving employees instant resolution for access

requests and password resets. Let's see what's next. Meta, the AI agent company, Muse,

they're putting humans in there. Meta is testing human concierge for its new personal agent

muse. Meta has been testing human concierge for its new personal AI assistant. This is in Bloomberg.

which entails having human contractors quietly handle some of the phone calls placed by the digital agent.

You got to use this to order Amazon.

Amazon's like, no, no, no.

We're going to block your browser.

Well, did you block everyone's browser?

How's that going to play out?

I was thinking about, like, at some point, if I write a really, really bespoke, like, a, like, basically a CLI, like a really bespoke, like a really bespoke, like a really bespoke weird CLA, like I vibe coded, but I use, like, sort of odd,

techniques. Like I'm like, okay, use computer use and open up opera or, you know, Mozilla,

and click around and add some randomness and do this. And it's like, and I basically create a

CLI that wraps an agent where it's like, it runs on my home Wi-Fi. So Amazon, and I'm like,

and I just do this. I don't productize it. So Amazon like can't really detect it. Do you think I

could potentially stay in front of their, stay in front of their battle forever and then

puppeteer it from other agents.

I just asked Chatsypte, can you order Amazon over the phone?

Because I would think that at that scale, there would be at least one way to do it.

Totally.

It seems like you can only use their customer service number to help with existing orders.

So one thing is you could order a bunch of the wrong thing, like a hundred of the wrong

thing, a hundred like, you know, bug treatment.

Order everything and then have your agent refund everything but the thing you want.

No, have your Mews agent.

have a human via Mews call Amazon and say, hey, I actually got the wrong thing here.

Can you swap it with this other thing?

Interesting.

And just do that as many times as necessary to get the right order.

Maybe have one order that's just always open where you're just adding and removing.

They have to be completed orders because you have to have made a mistake first to call the customer service.

Oh yeah, you can charge me, but just add it to the order.

I don't know.

It's going to be a weird battle.

Ben Thompson was writing about it today.

It was pretty good.

Amazon, I mean, his whole framing is like Amazon is like the strongest in the AI era of the hyperscalers

because they own logistics, infrastructure, the final step, the real world.

And so he anticipates that they will hold their ground for a very long time and not give in.

And that's basically what they did with Open AI, where Open AI had the instant checkout process.

They invited everyone to be a part of it.

Amazon was like, no, thanks.

No thanks.

But we'll give you tens of billions of dollars.

And but interestingly, yeah.

So now, now the result is that Amazon is vending in their ads into ChatGPT to close the purchase there.

Toby Looky at Shopify partnered with Muse and announced that they are integrating.

But the interesting thing is like, where is the value capture layer?

And it only works with Shop Pay.

And so it's a lever to get merchants to go on to shop pay,

which Shopify will still make money off of.

But for merchants, a lot of people are worried about the implementation that happened with Walmart,

where ChachyPT integrated with Walmart, and the end result was that conversion rate was one third of what it was in the app and on the core website,

and that carts were smaller because people were just going and saying, like, I just need a roll of paper towels, just send me that.

Whereas when people are like, oh, I need to do my shopping, I need soap,

and paper towels and whatever else,

I'll build a paper towel holder that's made by a company that's over 50 years old.

Yes, yeah, it is.

So the crazy thing is, so now,

Vinode was on the show yesterday talking about way, wajo,

which is an air launch, foe.

They have a new agent that I believe is human supported.

Yeah.

in that some of the stuff is done by AI and some of the stuff, if necessary, can be escalated to a human.

Now you have meta, at least testing, exploring, having a human in the loop on some of these things.

And my big question is like, why?

Like voice models are getting pretty good.

it feels completely unsustainable for meta to roll out a product to billions of people

where users might just be like, like, if I had like something I could text and say, hey,

call this person, call that person.

Yeah.

I'd probably be using it.

I think there's a ton of, there's a ton of value.

First, the muse install base is small right now.

So it's not that crazy.

They have the ability to stand up huge offices, whether it's through scale AI and that team that

came over or through their, you know, all the things that they've done over the past two decades.

The other thing is that Muse specifically will not train on your data that you put into Muse.

And so that this wasn't like a huge announcement or anything, but you could see people being like,

I don't know if I want to use this AI agent that's going to be using my personal information,

even if they're running like the PII Redactor, putting all of that might be a little bit

off-putting. So meta's not getting that data, but if they have a human in the loop, the human

who does the task that's just beyond what the model's capable of, they're also generating

training data because they can probably train on that. And so it's like the model, the model by

default can, I don't know, like summarize your, summarize your calendar, right, and give you a,

give you a briefing on what's going on in your calendar. It knows how to integrate. And the model's

capable of that. Mews 1.

Spark 1.3 is capable of that. All the models

are capable of that. But what can't they do?

They might not be fully

ready to go and have a

complicated conversation with someone

if they're ordering flowers over the phone or

something. And

so like the current models might

fall down. So you need more data

to solve that. And so you put the humans

in the loop and then that's your extra training data

for the next leg up. And then you just keep repeating

that. So I would view this human in the loop

thing more as them

doing data collection and creating more training data for them than a permanent solution to

the product problems. Also, I just, I don't think the time on site for these apps is actually

that high. I think there is like an excitement when you jump on, you do a bunch of stuff. But then

with all these AI tools, like there's a reason why opening AI comps to like weekly active users

because there's plenty of days where people are like, I went to the beach and I didn't touch AI at all.

I didn't do any work.

There's some feedback on Alex Wang's post talking about, like, it'll help you with your goals.

And I think Katie Notepolis was saying, like, a lot of people just don't have goals.

Like, they just want to chill.

And this is also the Ben Thompson thing.

Like, consumers want to be entertained.

Like, people that go to the beach, they'll still scroll on Instagram.

Are they really going to be doing anything with any agent, no matter how powerful it is?

Like, there are plenty of people that have all staffs of EAs and personal assistance, and they don't do anything on a weekend because they want to chill.

and they don't want to think about anything.

One thing's for certain.

It's over or we're back?

Professor Zhang is vindicated.

Yesterday, we watched the video where he said,

I guarantee that there are humans behind the chat apps that you use,

manipulating the information.

And he is correct, at least in the short term.

For today.

Stryan is thinking about the knock-on effects of all these personal agents.

He says,

There's no way any of us can predict the impact AI will have on companies,

sectors of consumer behavior, which has been for all of history until now human behavior,

but to claim that it won't have an impact and simply brush it off lacks both humility and creativity.

Tactics that worked when consumer behavior was dictated by human psychology will fall by the wayside,

and those that fail to adapt will be left behind.

Every day from now on, we will see new examples of areas where friction was profitable,

becoming cost centers for companies that don't react in a timely enough manner.

Today, you might realize just how many flight credits, loyalty points, or promotional offers

you've never used that will end up utilized by agents.

What impact will that have?

Tomorrow you might see something that makes you ask how much money health insurers make

simply because people won't sit on the phone for five hours trying to get coverage approved

unless it's a massive expense or life or death matter.

What about your saving account?

The money could be in a money market fund.

you haven't bothered to move it,

how much in net interest income is made

because of that friction.

Yeah, people have money

locked away in Venmo

like a couple bucks here

and if it's frictionless

and actually free to move stuff around

you get a lot different.

Yeah, this was like the David Deutsch

anecdote about how he fixed his dishwasher.

He was like about to buy a new one

and then it just told him that he could...

Yeah, it's like ghost GDP.

Yeah, yeah.

So it doesn't like show up anywhere, but there is like...

We'll need a new metric.

No.

But I mean, so I don't see it.

EGI adjusted GDP.

That's how we get to 10% GDP growth.

GDP plus AI.

E equals MC squared plus AI.

Yeah, this was all kicked off because flight was delayed seven hours.

Someone asked Mews to file a compensation.

Five minutes later, they had a $250 credit in their Delta account.

That's something that you'd normally have to hop on the phone for.

It was a lot of cumbersomeness.

So people on that team were clearly modeling.

Like, well, 1% of people will ask for it.

And 50% of people will be able to be like, no, we can't really do it.

And so we think this will only be like a dollar per flight.

Well, now it might be $10 per flight.

But, of course, the end result is that they will put AI on the other side,

and the two AI agents will just negotiate and find out a resolution, I imagine.

Anyway, oh, Citrini has a little prediction here.

Look at the follow-up to this post.

They put a, what is that, an RSA hash or something?

That's cool.

so they made some prediction there that they will see.

Anyway.

That's one of the greatest hacks when you want to take a victory lap in the future,

but you're not willing to actually...

Post both.

You post like, I think the stock market will go up by 100% in the next 10 years.

And then I think the stock market will go down in the next 10 years.

And then you just delete the one that wasn't accurate.

And then you're good.

Nikesha Rora chimed in on the knife fight between Amazon and Muse.

There will be a bigger battle.

This will be a bigger battle than anyone in.

It's only a matter of time before there is an Apple and Google version of Muse and possibly TikTok in addition to the frontier LLM agents, maybe a commerce agent from Amazon.

That's sort of my prediction.

I think instinct might land with Amazon potentially, although they do have Rufus.

But you can-

And Tyler is a Rufus power user.

Yep, Rufus is good.

You don't want to talk down on Rufus.

But instinct is clearly like tapped into something really special with like the energy and the support that they have and the community they've built.

But there are a lot of, like, little rough edges that need to get sanded off.

And, like, that's the domain of Amazon, in my opinion.

Like, Amazon, like, is, like, the, you know, the trains run on time.

And it's a pretty efficient company.

So every app that's a service, marketplace, or commerce app will need to existentially decide to open APIs for consumer agents to interact.

Smaller players have no choice.

Add revenues are more than transaction fees.

Either the consumer benefits or distribution aggregators will demand a higher fee transaction.

There's an interesting stat from the Stratory Post about Amazon.

The net income for Amazon e-commerce was like $36 billion,

and the ad revenue was exactly twice that.

So the business is unprofitable without advertising.

They put advertising everywhere.

So it's like a very interesting dynamic where you can see the motivation.

They have $68 billion.

You flag that number.

It's a huge...

Over 70 in the last 12 months.

Over 70 billion.

So significant pool of revenue and profit that they will be.

protecting for sure. I know I don't want an agent for each app which does sound very

annoying. Super agent could go and use all the other agents maybe that's the future.

I don't know. Yeah, this is this goes back to like roll your own agent that then

puppeteers your your muse which has good integration to to Facebook and then

your your Amazon Rufus. Yeah I wonder if you could order via Rufus because you

probably reverse that API, but you still get banned.

You're just chatting with, it just muses chatting with Rufus to order you paper towels.

No, I said over 50 years old, basically.

You had an idea yesterday, a potential monetization channel for, or strategy for agents,

which is like sponsored agentic flows, which I thought was really good.

Like imagine you and your friends, you all have agents, and then.

An example was Spider-Man.

Yeah, it's basically like it drops in and it says like, hey, I got five tickets to Spider-Man.

I know from your Instagram history that you're a Tom Holland fan or you like the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Spider-Man brand new day is coming out in two weeks.

I can get you tickets Friday night.

There's nothing on your calendar.

I can get a Saturday matinee.

I know you've been sending reels to these five friends.

do you want to plan a trip to the movies?

And I will book it and message everyone, set up the calendar invite, text everyone and say,

thumbs up if you want in, thumbs down if you're busy.

And I will put together a group outing.

And that does feel like something where Spider-Man would, the brand-new-day marketing team,

would put dollars behind advertising that to get people.

The question is how much, will consumers tolerate that at all?

Remember how pissed off people were about the BMW, Spider-Man ad flow?

I think they will if it's good.

And I think the long-tail small business advertising will work.

Like, especially if it's like, it's a little bit tricky to figure out how, like, when you're in these agentic workflows, there's often like multiple beneficiaries.

So Spider-Man benefits, but also Fandango might benefit, but also like a particular theater.

might benefit if you go to, you know, Lowe's versus AMC, or I don't know, they might be the same

company now. But so it's interesting to see, like, where the sponsorship would break down,

but you could totally imagine, like, you have a wedding coming up. You've been seeing ads for this

Thai company. You've also been seeing ads for this sock company. Do you want me to put together,

like, a whole new outfit for the welcome dinner that might look really good? And those companies

pay, unclear like where all that goes, but the scale of the platform, I think, is what

unlocks it, because you know Sean Frank at Ridgewallet is going to be like, I'm going to

test that.

And there's going to be millions of other small businesses that are going to test something

or other.

Anyway, let's see.

Products like Muse and Instinct are going to saturate customer service teams.

Again, we talked about that.

Not a huge problem because you flip it around and the customer service team is using

AI. So I think the equilibrium is just a lot more AI on both sides, hopefully smoother

transactions. Signal is talking about Walmart here. If only Walmart was actually competent enough

to realize the agenic commerce opportunity ahead of them. And it's interesting with the backdrop of the

vibe acquisition, Walmart seems to be going after the same pool of revenue that Amazon went after

with the ad market scale up and the ad business,

when in fact, if they didn't have that,

they would be sort of counterpositioned to lean a little bit more

into Agentic Commerce because they'd say,

look, we don't have an ads business to lose,

so let's be the default option for agents that buy anything.

There's also an interesting knockout effect,

which is like with Shopify going so deep into Muse

and Agenda Commerce and Agent Checkout,

I wonder if we will wind up seeing a different type of Shopify merchant emerge.

Because Shopify merchants, it's been a lot of clothing.

It's been a lot of like D to C single product, like a single shoe company.

But I wonder if you will see someone who's like, yeah, I sell a lot of stuff on Amazon.

I have a factory that makes paper towel holders.

But I also got paper towels.

I also got socks, T-shirts.

I got sort of basics.

And I wonder if someone will go and try and win on Shopify and set up the ice.

actual economic structure to be able to provide the experience because consumers will clearly

want to be able to go to agents and say, order me a new pair of socks and just have it done,

right?

And so if they say, sorry, can't do it on Amazon, they're going to figure out another place

to do it.

The water will flow into the cracks.

Yeah.

And so.

No, it's a big, big opportunity for Shopify to be able to lean in here.

Yeah.

But I wonder if there's, but the issue is still the real world physical fulfillment, having a

bunch of different products in a single place.

Yeah, but the individual Shopify merchants like solve that on a, on a diffuse basis.

So in theory, if it's like, okay, I want next day shipping, there's five Amazon merchants that

sell, or there's five Shopify merchants that sell socks.

You want socks tomorrow.

There's only one of them that has a distribution center in your town and can actually get them

to you tomorrow.

We'll just go with that one.

So you could maybe piecemeal together in Amazon-like experience, but that's, but that

That's the bet.

That's the knife fight.

Like, that's what we're going to figure out.

Either Amazon wins, and their moat remains a moat, or the war for the open web, like,

continues to battle it out.

That's what Alex Wang is hoping for.

He says, once more unto the breach dear friends, the new open web, meta, stripe, and Shopify.

The hilarious thing here, of course, is like, like, solely responsible for, like, sort of killing the open web in the former era.

Like, it's why, like, all the news sites are not, you know, initially.

Why everything went closed and, like, you can't just Google search for stuff on Instagram.

Everything's closed off.

It's not truly open.

But it's like, it's like the meta flags in the front because we'll be the aggregating.

Open web for the, but not for me.

Everything below the fold will be the open web.

But at the same time, it is just fun to watch the battleships go off to war and see how it, see how it penses up.

because there is a scenario where the equilibrium solution is actually a more open web.

We will see.

We will see.

What is going on with McLaren?

We got to talk about McLaren before we get any further because they reprint.

And there's a new logo.

They went from an angled M that looked very fast, very bold logo, and now it looks like Miss Laren.

Yeah, it's interesting.

They seem to be trying to reposition as a luxury brand versus a motorsports brand.

When I think of McLaren, I think of like fast, sporty cars, period.

I think of racing.

Racing F1.

I love the old logo.

It's the coolest lineage, too.

I love the old.

They've never made like a mass market car.

I love the old mark.

it's one of those things

you hate to be the guy that when a company rebrands,

you're like, oh, it's brutal.

Because oftentimes you revisit it in six months

and you're like, okay, it wasn't that bad.

Yeah, it was good.

But this feels like bad.

But the business has not been performing, right?

The business has been in a rough spot.

They don't have the, they don't have like the cayenne

that they can sell.

an SUV.

That's cool.

Well, it's common.

But I'm saying like, to date, they don't have like a mid-market car.

No.

I'm sure their Uris competitor will do well.

But still, part of what enables the Uris is like the Q5 and the Q3, right?

In the core selling economy.

Yeah.

Can't forget about that.

Which is still growing.

So.

So anyways, pretty brutal rebrand.

But, but again, it's a, yeah, it's a tough one just because it was always.

I always just thought the brand, their brand was awesome.

The steel man here is that they are taking a number of bets that seem to speak to interesting,

potentially valuable pieces of the market.

So you have the SUV.

The Uris is incredibly well selling.

So that could just be a cash cow business for them.

Then you have the MCL, their manual.

supercar and that could speak more to the enthusiast, right? Because enthusiasts want manuals,

Porsche's been delivering manuals. Ferrari is starting to put them back in and other brands are

starting to like get that memo that it's not enough to compete on speed. Evis have you beat there.

They haven't gone full EV. I haven't seen a lot of McLaren signaling that they're going to remove the

combustion engines. So that seems like they are positioned for the future. That's certainly a trend

is don't go full EV. Don't kill all the gas cars. And then they also have the W1. So they're

staying in the hypercar world. And the W1 lineage, I think it clarifies what McLaren's been doing

because when they were doing the SENA and the Speed Tail, there were just like too many special

cars. And the problem was that you were like, okay, sent a speed tail, where do we sit? But F1, P1, W1,

very clear lineage. You know it's the best. You know if it's that. It's going to be the craziest

thing they have. And so if they can create some differentiation between the true hypercars that they

create, the supercars that now come in manual, the SUV for the more everyday daily driver,

you have the trappings of at least satisfying the demand that exists in the market.

You do have to go create more demand.

You've got to win in F1.

And the new mark's not coming out of nowhere on the website.

They say before McLaren became a mark recognized around the world,

it was a family name painted above a service station in Ramura, New Zealand.

Those original letter forms inspired our new wordmark, reimagined for a new era.

So they're going back in time.

McLaren was started by a guy from New Zealand.

But it was started in the UK.

But the founder had been born in New Zealand.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Anyways.

Well, on a related note, there's some data that might be bullish for the supercar, hypercar market here.

Toy sales among adult-only households have outpaced households with children for toy sales,

growing 16% through June.

So when I think of adults buying toys, I think about Myers-Manks.

I think about dune buggies.

I think about dirt bikes.

I think about supercars, boats, yachts, wakeboarding.

These are the toys that adults buy.

And it's not surprising to me that there is a trend among adults buying toys.

I mean, these are just fun toys.

And so it's the fact that it grew 16% in June.

sign that, you know, adults are having fun.

They're buying toys and bullish for the supercar community, right?

Don't you think?

Judging by the picture here, you might be incorrect.

Wait, they're talking about, like, children's toys.

Interesting.

Yeah, I think that's a little bit more nuanced.

I would go for, you know, gaming rigs, racing simulators.

These are the toys that adults should be bought.

I think. I did, I did, I was a teenager when I realized that the Lego Ferrari that I had built years, you know, probably when I was like 10, had a market value. Like I was shocked. Oh, the Lego did. Yeah, because I had some Lego, like really complicated Lego Ferrari. Yeah. Yeah. That I probably built when I was around 10. Yeah. And then as a teenager, you know, cash strapped teenager, I was like, wait, someone will give me $100 for this? That's crazy. Sold it, of course.

I'm not super sentimental about that kind of thing.

But I think that trend has just been building.

And now there's people that just buy every new Lego that's released and just sit on it.

I saw a, I was looking with my son at an old Lego set that I played with as a kid.

And I was like, I can actually go and buy the exact same Lego set and share that with him because I thought that one was really cool.

But it has gone way up in value.

I was like, I should have just held on to it because it's like,

100 bucks now.

Yeah.

So I built a Ferrari Lego as well when I was younger.

Probably not as complicated.

Probably less complicated.

But I remember being like, oh, this is like a sick Ferrari.

Like maybe one day I'll get a real one.

And then I like finally got older, learned more about it.

I was like, it's an F40.

So I was like, I'm probably never getting pleased.

But maybe, maybe.

I don't know what F40 things are doing.

Derek Thompson says today's adults increase

behave like the children they never have.

Feels like a rude thing to say about people.

And yet,

toy sales among adult-only households

have now outpaced households with children for toy sales.

That is so crazy and black, black-pilling and sad.

And it's over.

It is so over.

I don't know.

You're literally me.

You're doing the literally me thing.

I think one factor here is like children,

in my experience, don't care about the cost of a toy.

Yeah.

And so a $5 toy will bring just as much joy to a child as the $500 toy.

And so the adults are like, I have to get the $500.

Yeah, 100%.

So I think that's like for every toy that a parent buys their child, it could be like $1, $5, $10, $5, $1.

So I went, I went toy shopping with my son.

And, and he finds this like hot wheels.

thing and it's like a book that has like some hot wheels inside and stuff and it has like the craziest

most electric look at this look at this comment from winsome i never had a quote unquote Lego set

i just had a sorted Lego yes i used to fill the bath with water and make oil rigs which used to

annoy my mom this guy was hit the oil rig hit the oil rig hit the oil rig fantastic no on that point

so i i i went to the store uh my son finds this uh this uh this

this hot wheels thing that's like kind of structured like a book and it has some hot wheels cars

in there but on the cover of this like box is like the craziest most elaborate like loop de loop

thing and so he gets super excited about it and I'm like okay I got to like check this out and it

and it turns out that what you're actually buying is like a book with some stories and then just like

a big sheet of like paper like a poster that has that illustrated on it and you can imagine

the loop de loop and the actual track and I was like dude like

let me clue you in this. This isn't the real thing.

Like, we can go get the real thing with the actual loop-de-lops and stuff.

Like, let's find the real toy.

And he's like, no, this is the one I want.

This is the one I want.

And I'm like, okay, fine.

But like, I'm like, this is going to end poorly because he's going to be dissatisfied when he actually opens it up.

Opens it up.

He's like, this is the greatest thing ever.

It's like, my imagination is running wild.

I would never want the alternative.

And so your point is 100% accurate.

It.

Toys, the best toy company in the world, period, is this company Play Forever.

Have you seen any of these things?

No, no, no.

They're the most well-built kids' toys in the world.

So well-built.

Yeah, we should.

Let's get the founder on.

Where's Nick?

They are.

Play forever.

They are absolutely incredible.

Nick, what do you think?

Guess?

Okay, okay, yeah, let's bring our...

Yeah.

As much as I want to keep talking about toys as an...

adult, I would rather

have a surprise guest. Shopify

is the commerce platform that grows with you business

to sell in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social, on

marketplaces, and now with AI agents.

We have a surprise guest.

Surprise guest. Our favorite guest,

Ben Thompson. Oh, wow.

I didn't know that.

We actually were able to fully...

How many people do you say are your favorite guests?

We were able to fully surprise.

It's a very, very short list.

We were able to fully surprise John.

It was me coordinating with Ben.

So this is like...

This is a wonderful.

full surprise.

Anyway.

Well, I mean, you were going on and on about toys, and I was sitting here trying to

decide who has the most ridiculous jacket on today.

I think it's down to a tie.

Hey, I do like the yellow side.

I got to wear the ramp suit.

Right.

This is my lamp suit.

I've been wearing this as we're trying to get to the bottom of this whole AI safety.

I'm trying to embody the movement.

How cold is it there?

I don't know.

I thought, you guys are in L.A.

It's warm.

Well, we don't have any windows.

Great insight of the booking process.

Nick's been doing great work trying to get me on.

I kind of was committed, oh, you can do it then, do it then.

He's like, oh, about Friday.

And I'm like, I don't know what's going on on Friday.

So I'm like, can I just go on now?

And then I will stop feeling guilty about it.

And somehow here I am.

So those things are just crash in whenever you want.

That's fine.

What is top of mind?

What is the number one story to talk about right now?

Why today?

I could talk about toys for sure.

I mean, I think the adult version of toys is we are sort of

I was actually kind of annoyed. Toby Lukie posted the picture of his server.

I was talking about my rack on Sharp Tech. Lots of compliments. Many people told me a nice rack.

It was great. Although I didn't actually post any pictures of it.

Okay. How did they know? On that home organization. Home organization, should I be doing this? I don't think I've ever organized my home. I don't know how many nails and hammers I have. What are you doing?

Oh, it's out of control.

No, so the one of the insights that, so I've had a non-traditional career, fairly non-traditional life.

And so there's lots of things that I've experienced that I'm never quite sure how relevant is to most people.

So one of them, for example, was like working from home.

I worked for automatic way back when when I moved to Taiwan and it was they've always, they were always sort of distributed and developed lots of processes and ways to work around that that were really interesting.

I wrote about it when like the COVID thing hit because all these companies had processes around assuming people were in the office and then they tried to retrofit it with Zoom and it was a total disaster.

It kind of still is a total disaster as far as I can see.

But there's also like personal things about working from home.

Like working from home is a significant upheaval or can be to a marriage just as an example.

Like what I'm writing, I need to be in the zone.

no interruptions, nothing bothering me.

And that just doesn't compute when you're like within your house.

Like you're in the house, why can not things be done?

And so the importance of like either establishing that or getting an outside office for writing or whatever it might be.

That was an example where I actually lived what everyone experienced like a decade later.

There's other stuff like...

Wait, what's the solution there?

Because my issue with working from home, at least with young kids, is that

kids are going to run into the office all hours of the day when you're working.

And you can't explain to a two-year-old like, hey, like, my computer's more important than

you right now.

No, the answer, the answer if you can swing it.

The answer you can swing it is to get out of the house.

Like, like, it's just, and it, because it's kind of like your, you're exporting,

externalizing your problem onto your family, and it's not their job.

And so it's almost like you owe it to your family to get out of the house.

If you need to not be bothered, that's your problem.

So figure it out.

Otherwise, they're like, they're not getting paid to not bother me on this Zoom call.

They're their expectation of I'm their dad.

I'm around.

I can ask him questions.

So obviously that's not always viable.

Probably a locked door.

I imagine it would go a long way.

But that ultimately was, you know, I had to figure that out sort of the hard way.

And I'm like, oh, everyone had to figure this out eventually.

In other words, like just being like living online.

Like I was I lived abroad for so long.

A lot of my friends connections were online.

That was very weird at one time.

Now it's very normal.

But another thing is this whole like personal assistant sort of area.

And I'm hesitant to write about this one because it sounds kind of, kind of douchey.

But the reality is that it's most people have.

no idea how to use a personal assistant. It took me years to figure out how to use a personal assistant,

even though I needed one just to run like the first few years of checkery. I was doing all the writing,

all the taxes, all the customer support, doing everything and basically dying. And so I had to get someone

on sort of out of desperation, just help me do all the sort of back office stuff, even just to

respond to email. But the email one is a great example. You talk to people about like muse or whatever.

And they're like, you put your email in there? And it's like,

How can you have a personal assistant who does not have access to your email?

It's just not possible.

But it speaks to the,

where the challenges about these things,

a personal assistant is so unbelievably useful.

And what's super thrilling and exciting about stuff like Muse or the other ones,

I've actually been working on building my own version of this for,

for in our company is I know how useful it is because I have a decades worth of practice having.

Okay, but here's the thing.

Meet version of a physical.

Here's a thing.

So a lot of the things that you were describing, like email is one thing, but like, you know, managing inbound comms and taxes, a lot of those things sound like kind of roles within a company to some degree.

Like I've had EAs and personal assistance and the only, and I actually don't have one right now, the only thing that I miss is having somebody embodied in the real world that can go and do tasks.

And so this new wave of personal agents is like actually not that.

for me because I never got that much.

Yeah, a lot of assistants graduate.

Like, Nick used to, like, set up car washes for us and stuff.

And now he's, like, full-time booking, working on that side of the business.

But, yeah, the idea, like, I never felt like,

oh, this person sends calendar invites for me and will reschedule.

That, to me, was never that helpful.

Like, I can just, there's a lot of, there's so much,

the internet has reduced so much friction that to me, the final boss of agents is, like,

give me a humanoid in the real world that can just do tasks, like organizing the garage.

Like that would be incredibly value. That's exactly where I was going. So like I feel like I would,

I understand like I get the personal assistant mania because actually if you have a personal

assistant that works and you learn how to use one, it is tremendously freeing. So when you get to

the home improvement in organizing the house, what that is is just me living in the future by virtue

of paying someone to be the humanoid robot that hopefully we'll all have in our houses in the

the long run. And so Jordy, I think that's the exact right segue. Yeah.

Which is actually, even think about like I, I as I'll order a bunch of stuff online in a given

year, I am like the best consumer for different retailers because I just won't return something.

Like I physically cannot get myself to find the time to go to even if it's like print out

this thing, go there, drop it off, whatever. It's like, I just won't do it, right? It's just like,

you got me. I bought a product that didn't work out. And that,

And that was like the number one thing.

When I have it, when I have an EA, it's like, I'm doing returns all the time.

It's like, this thing is like 1% not, not what I wanted to be.

Arguably the single core use case for my assistant here is package processing.

Like actually bringing stuff in, opening it up.

Like the, it was embarrassing the amount of packages I would get that were just not opened.

It's like, because this is like the final boss for e-commerce.

Like bring me on drone delivery, please.

I bought this for a reason.

And even if you deliver it in a few hours or the next day, like the pressing of the reason to buy it passed.

And then it doesn't come up until you actually needed it a few months later.

And then you can't find it because the box knows what happened.

So this is like you're honing in on it.

Like actually open the boxes.

Actually make me say what this is for, where it goes.

Actually process returns.

And so I don't have to deal with that crap.

But then also to the home inventory point, like this is the, I felt so dumb writing about this.

but it's like,

I love it.

It's so funny.

Yeah,

well,

people,

people absolutely loved it.

Like,

for a pay thing,

like,

would,

like,

wildly viral.

Yeah.

But the idea was,

so I moved back to America

from Taiwan,

for being in Taiwan for 20 years.

Um,

it,

not recommended.

Like,

I hadn't moved in a long time,

moving across country,

but the worst thing was,

actually stuff showed up in three trances,

because I kept thinking,

oh,

I should only take this.

I can leave everything behind.

And I'd go back.

actually I should have brought this.

What I should have done is just move the whole house.

Like it would have been much easier.

But anyhow, so just a general disaster all the way around.

But stuff shows up and I need to put it away.

Yeah.

I can't ask someone else to put it away because if they put it away, I won't know where anything is.

So there is this huge, this sort of gap in I had someone able to put it away, but I wouldn't

have known where it was if they put it away.

That's the home inventory app.

They put it away.

and because it's their job, they actually catalog everything and where it is.

And now I can just ask, I can do it all by voice, say, hey, bot, where's this?

That it says, oh, in the garage on shelf number three and blah, blah, blah, like it's all labeled and stuff like that.

Now, to be clear, it's silly to talk about this because you should not do this.

What do you do?

Task your spouse to go in and label everything.

No, that is not going to fly.

I'm not trying to encourage divorces here.

This works because I actually am paying someone to do it.

Yeah.

It will work in 10 years when we have a robot that you can actually tell them to go do it.

And it's amazing.

Number one, just about this future with assistance.

But then number two, there's just so much, the amount of software to be made is so astronomically large.

Like, Stratory as a whole, and we have passport, like the software behind Schetectary,

and then there's sharp media, and so we have editors.

and like, even like my assistant has already,

he just keeps spinning up like random little apps that are really small.

I'd host them on my server,

all behind tail scale.

These aren't meant for public consumption.

But they fill like this little gap in our workflows that was handled by group chats.

And like that just would sort of accumulate.

You're scrolling back and finding something.

And it's such a crazy mental unlock that is hard to almost explain even the technical people.

who theoretically know you can make software,

but all software we've thought about has been heavy

because it has to be heavy because it's shipped to,

it's put on the internet.

Anyone can download it.

It's to handle use cases.

They handle security.

It has to handle all these sorts of things.

And actually, you know,

there's just little software-shaped holes in everyone's life

that could now be filled fairly trivially.

It's amazing.

And where this is all going,

which is the part that I'm actually,

actually most excited about is all those same types of like mini applications but with robotics.

Like we had this guy on the show that was using Astra to paint.

And it was like getting better and better with each cycle.

And it would kind of make like something that was close.

Oh, did you see the guy who just tweeted about they got Astra to drive?

Yeah, that's a whole other thing.

That's so crazy.

They had to tell it it was in a sandbox.

And it would pull for myself driving predictions for the mainstream automaker.

at all. We've talked to automakers

who are like when will

mass market, your average

OEM have full self-driving

at like the current Tesla level and they'll be like

2040. Okay, but here's the little mini

robot that I want so badly.

I get, everyone gets all this mail, right?

And most of it is just total junk

garbage ads. It's hard to actually

ever stop the flow of junk. I just assume

it's always going to come. But like one out of

10 things is mildly important and I want to basically

I don't even want the physical coverage. You're going to lose your house if you

don't see it. Yeah. And I don't want the physical copy, but I want like some amount of information

there that I can pass to someone else, you know, a part of my life, whatever it is, an accountant

or something like that. And, and I think that the mail process, the home mail processing robot

where you just drop the mail and it like slices. Yeah, it like slices everything open. It takes a

picture and then it routes it to whoever needs the information or it just runs. It's like,

it's just, it's a mailbox. It just replaces your mailbox. You got a parking ticket. Great. I went and

paid the parking ticket. Or like you have.

this bill from the local utility and they don't do online auto pay how is there not been an iot

mailbox company yet well because you actually need a robot to like slice open the mail it's like a little

surgical center this very simple robot it's like it's like what's the uh there's some like x kccd comic

or something where like the person asked for this sounding like unbelievably difficult thing it's like

oh yeah i can do that in five minutes and then they ask for something very trivial it's like uh that's

going to take two years in a team.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I think that the bird identification.

There's so many other things.

Put it on a map in the cloud.

And it's like that'll be like a day of engineering.

It's like and I need you to tell me which bird it is.

And it's like that will be 10 years of machine learning.

But here's the thing.

So there's so many of these other use cases.

There's like the mini Rumba that's just for the garage.

Oh yeah.

But then it needs to be emptied.

So you need another robot that will go and empty it.

And then you need the robot that cleans the wind.

windows and that one again is going to need some support. And so I think that I think the end

state is you have some type of humanoid that can just go and generally do human-like things,

but it's sort of maintaining a fleet of these other silly little robots that just have these

sort of niche use cases like cleaning the windows or a lot of people will have like a pool

cleaner robot that'll just kind of like, you know, trawl around in the pool. But then again,

you need to change the filter at some point. And so these things end up not being maintained properly

and then they don't get used.

And so there's a long way to go.

But to me, all the exciting stuff is actually in the real world.

Like, I don't, there's, it's so funny because I have, I have chat Shputee connected to my email.

And sometimes it will suggest, like, things that it can do that are, like, useful.

Like, hey, like, review this and sign this.

But, like, yesterday I logged in, and the only suggestion was, like, it was trying to set up a loop to, like, give me one way I can improve my surfing each week.

week. And it was like totally validating like your thing, which is like consumers just want to be

entertained, right? And so it's like trying trying to do something where it's like, well, I'm sort

of passively, that's like probably 20% of my mental energy is going towards already going. And I like

doing that. I don't need you to like try to automate that. Yeah, yeah. I mean, the thing that's

interesting though about this is the real, for sure the the shortcut to doing this right now is to hire

somebody. And again, it sounds dushy to talk about because I pay someone to take my garbage out

and process my mail.

But, you know, as I tried to articulate, I'm a massive believer.

I think it's a common trope to say this, but like just sort of, I've been thinking about

since I was little.

Like, don't obsess about your weaknesses, like how bad I am at processing mail.

Double down on your strengths and then pay someone to take care of your weaknesses.

That is like generally my life philosophy.

And this is certainly the case here.

But what has been super striking, and it actually has been arguably like the most profound

experience I've had with

AI was so the home assistant

obviously depended on this

or the home inventory app depended on the assistant

actually doing all the work and

he could see the utility appreciated

it from his perspective as well as help me take care

of the house it was like nice to actually

get organized as opposed to like me just saying

oh just leave it in the corner we're going to get to it eventually

and it had been a year and we hadn't gotten to

it eventually but

when we actually

when I actually built an agent

or a bot.

I call it gecko bot.

There's this massive, like, metallic gecko structure

that I bought the Madison Art Fair at random.

I had a big spot on my wall.

So it's now called, we named it after it.

That's the icon called Gecko Bot.

And one thing, there was like little stuff.

Like, I take, keep very odd hours.

Like, I'm up in the middle of the night.

I sleep at weird times.

Like, I was so addicted to Taiwan living a day I had

that I've just transported here.

and I just stay up all night.

You manipulated time.

Yeah.

It's not healthy.

It's not good at all.

Or, but on the weekend, I'm doing something like, oh, this needs to be done.

This needs to be done.

I try to be like a good boss and I feel felt bad texting on the weekend.

And like, and the great thing about this assistant, why he's a great assistant is he gets stuff done.

There are some people that they like, they get something.

They want to do it.

And so I know me texting him on off hours and over the weekend is just like making his skin crawl because he wants to take care of it right now.

And they just like, write it down.

down and take care of it and all that.

Like,

he doesn't want to do any of that.

So just this simple concept of I tell the bot,

do this, take a picture, do this, take a picture.

Just like, as things are accumulating,

he shows up Monday morning,

it sends a briefing,

here's all the stuff that Ben Juan go over the weekend,

things like this,

ongoing projects.

His joy and, like, relief was unbelievable.

Like, it was unbelievable.

Like, literally everyone in our life,

like, he was telling them,

I was also out of egging him out of bit,

But it was so weird, not weird.

It was awesome that he, you could, he's like, this made his life so tangibly better.

And like, he could just, the first time I'm like, oh, can, can you ask Echo Bot to do this?

I'm like, you ask Echo Bot.

And they like, ask the request or whatever.

And then started just like creating all these use cases.

I'm actually so grateful when I dropped a new reset, which I haven't gotten yet, but I'd burned.

I ended up rebuilding the whole thing just to make it much, like, much safer in terms of tracking reminders,

tracking, like, remind me to do this in June.

Like, no, we actually need to have a system to make sure that gets logged properly.

He's deterministic, all those sorts of things.

But it's meaningful to see him happier, his life tangibly better.

He's like, this is the greatest week of work of my life.

It's been amazing, like the first week he was using it.

And it's like, I just made you a little bot.

But it's another software-shaped hole.

It was this little communication fall through where he wants to do his job well.

I don't want to take advantage of his predilection to do his job well and let him enjoy time with his family.

And I couldn't make something to solve that.

And it's awesome.

And to have this feeling and realization, at the same time, everyone's like, this is going to kill you.

we're all going to die.

It's just been pretty interesting in like a weird sort of like mind space just to like be like

seeing people around me who aren't technical like just like this is amazing.

This is making my life better.

And then everyone else is like get ready to die.

Yeah, it's cognitive dissonance.

Okay.

I want to talk about another dynamic with, with EA's personal agents, whatever form factor.

So right now, you're talking about executive assistance.

I'm talking about real life executive.

Okay, not effective altruism.

Something that eat.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I don't want to get into that.

I'm not trying to turn this into a freak show.

Yeah.

But.

Those reasons I did want to come on last week.

The Doom week.

No, so something that actual executive assistants have done for a long time is

coordinate with other people that have executive assistance and say, like, hey,

our bosses want to do this thing, let's figure out the right time to do it. And that workflow is

like amazing because you're letting, it is a game of telephone, but it often ends up being more

efficient because there's sort of complicated lives on other side. Now we're applying that to

personal agents, software, where instinct, and I'm sure Muse will roll this out, has these

sort of like trusted networks products where instead of texting your buddy, hey, do you want

to go see a movie or do you want to have a beer, your, you're, you're, you're, you're,

personal agent reaches out to their personal agent says, hey, do you want to have a beer?

Do you want to go see this basketball game?

And they sort of like coordinate.

And I'm trying to square the two things because on one side, when software is doing it,

it still feels like silly.

And yet in my real life, it's just like this amazing experience.

It takes so much off my plate and it's so much better.

Yeah.

So do you think it's going to translate or is there some like disconnect there?

This is hard for me to answer.

Like, I have no intention of, even now we have, like, personal assistants that take care of your digital stuff and check your email.

I am not getting rid of the assistant that I've had for a decade.

And there's, and I think the real challenge with AI in general, my personal, what is AGI rule is AI that actually learns.

And right now, what makes these agents possible is this like facsimile of learning where they're just writing stuff down all the time.

And that has lots of challenges.

It's been super interesting to develop this version of the bot that I'm using internally

because you're wording way more about context management and way more about actual data structures

and what stuff to dispose of it, what stuff to keep track of, and all these sorts of things.

And it's just a real challenging problem that is based on the fact that these models are frozen in a moment of time.

And everything is layered on top of them trying to sort of overcome that challenge.

given that I'm going to stick with humans, I think, for now.

Now, the whole bit here, though, is if you didn't have a personal assistant, you now have this.

And I think there's going to be a real learning process and figure out how that's done.

This is going to be one of the big challenges.

So I'm obviously out there, been out there frequently saying people don't care about being productive.

Like people, they, employees care about their employees being productive.

Once you're off the job, you just want to go home.

and watch TikTok or whatever might be.

The way to frame this,

and this is going to be the challenge for meta,

I think, with Mews and anyone else in this space,

is we're not helping you be more productive.

We're helping you get rid of annoying crap in your life.

Like, it needs to be framed more as a pain relief

as opposed to this aspirational,

I'm going to be so productive and get things done.

That's number one.

And so I think there's a messaging problem.

But number two, the way I think this is going to land is through like Instagram Reels or through TikTok.

If people like actually showing stuff they do and people say, oh, that's amazing.

That would make my life so much easier.

And it really is a show not tell sort of technology.

And it's kind of interesting because the meta has been very, I think arguably to their

detriment, very disciplined about not putting their thumb, I think, on the feed by and large.

But if ever they were going to, like, if you ought to know, is this actually really what they see as their future, if you're real start having a lot of, wow, this is amazing what you can do with views sort of thing.

Well, no, they have done that with the meta raybans.

So they were massively.

That's at inventory.

That's not.

No, no, no.

I'm talking about they are more likely to show creators that say that make the content.

with the meta rayment. I didn't know that actually. They serve. Yeah. Yeah. If you film in the

meta ray bands and it's like a POV video, people do like prank videos with them. Those go viral. But

they did. Yeah, some of them are just funny. Yeah. Some of them are funny. Some of them are funny. But it, but it very

clearly was like an engagement hack where like if you would film it with the meta ray bands,

like you were going to get more reach. Yeah. And people have speculated about this. Whereas like if you

edit it in edits, their version of Capcut, you get more reach. But that's always been debated.

You do get higher quality. That's, that's a, that's a high.

hack.

Really?

One of the ways.

Oh, it's not like compressed as much or whatever.

Oh, it's less compressed.

And so that might be better than the algorithm.

So it's like on their own.

So it's like one step away.

Interesting.

Interesting.

So there's a bunch of different things.

I mean, their advantage here is is enormous.

Enormous.

Yeah.

Can we do Shopify versus Amazon?

Wait, I had one question because we're getting into Ben's.

You know, he's embarrassed to talk about all his staff.

He's embarrassed to talk about his staff.

King in the castle.

King in the castle.

Look, no, but have you ever had a lot?

No, but have you ever had a...

I grew up on a small town, Midwestern kid.

I'm here back in the Midwest.

Like, it...

I feel you're putting it that way.

No, no, no, no.

No, I know, I know.

But I have a question for you.

Have you ever had a, like, a dedicated driver?

No, but I'm very, that's very common in Taiwan.

So the, so I'm definitely familiar with drivers.

It is a massive life hack, particularly in, like, a big city where you don't have to worry about

parking makes a huge difference.

I honestly have just always loved having my own car for one.

I like driving, even in Taiwan, which is that bad.

But the reality is by the time I got in a financial position where that was a viable outcome, I'd never win anywhere.

So I was just always at all, doing whatever.

But the reason I ask is because we now have self-driving.

Like ask a Tesla owner, how much time is your car driving itself?

it's like over 90%

it's fully solved

and last year

there were really fires

really bad fires where I lived

and it turned my commute

from a one hour each way

commute to a two hour a day commute

and we were starting

or two hours each way

so four hours a day in the car

out of nowhere

and so I was like this is not really going to work

if we're going to do

I'm spending four hours in traffic

and three hours during the show

and I'm also have young kids

all this stuff so I got a driver and the funny thing

was everything that I loved about it

was not actually the driving itself.

It was having, again, someone in the real world

that could just do things.

It was like the parking, the car when you get there.

It was running into grab food.

Run and pick this up.

It was like dry cleaning.

It was like, it was all that stuff.

And so the funny thing is like, again,

we've solved the task, but not the job, right?

But not the job, right?

And that like you really want the Waymo or the Tesla

with the humanoid in it.

So or again, the ability to close the loop

and park or go,

run into the store and grab something, you know, or do things. And, and it's exactly the same as

a personal agent's thing all over again. Yeah. The one thing I will note about Tesla's and

the self-driving is, so I have a Tesla, but my parents use it the vast majority of my time.

Like the, my mom sort of weighed down the law that I really think, the self-driving was really

good for your dad. I was a little scared last night. So they've been using it most of the time.

and so I don't drive it that frequently

but they're out of town right now

so I have the Tesla

number one it was really good

last year this sounds like the classic Tesla

sort of fanboy thing but it's true

it's so much better this year than it was even

a year ago number one number two

if you're on standard of course me

I always had it like hurry like because

I've been a rush and I don't like

slow cars if you have it

on standard mode at least now

it really does leave you alone

to a greater extent and to me

this totally flips the extent to which I would actually want a Tesla on a day-to-day basis.

I like driving.

So, like, to me, and I don't really like driving Teslas.

They feel like I'm driving a scooter in Taiwan.

It's hard to explain.

But just like the sort of the way the acceleration is cool if you've never experienced it before,

but there's an aspect of it that is not, I don't know, it just doesn't feel like a real car to me.

This makes people very mad, but sorry, that's just all I feel.

I don't actually enjoy driving a Tesla.

If I'm in a Tesla, I'm going to be in self-driving 100% of the time.

Totally.

If I'm in self-driving 100% of the time and I can't use my phone.

phone, then what's the point? I'm just sitting there twiddling my thumbs. To the point there now, though, where it's definitely backed off and later updates. If you're in standard, it's like very strict for the first two minutes and then it kind of let you do what you want to do. So I'm like, I could be vibe coding what driving. This would be like, this is, this is exactly where I want to get to. So that's been an interesting shift for me with with the driving. I like to drive. I also, you know, I want to

I want to chat with my AI.

Yeah.

I had one last question based on the update today.

Shopify versus Amazon, obviously the knife fight is starting between Muse and META and Amazon.

Will Shopify, is there a chance that they evolve to a place where there are so many new merchants that sort of fill in the cracks of what's available in the product portfolio that you can actually get socks on.

you know, a one-day delivery.

Because when I think of Shopify, I think of, like, those particular brands.

I don't think of, like, the broad inventory of, like, I just need paper towels.

I just need paper towels.

I'm going to go to Amazon.

People don't go to a Shopify, like a D to C brand that has, like, you know, images on Shopify

for that.

And I'm wondering how much Shopify can do to actually fill in and be the default location for those,

like, long-tail items that people shop on Amazon for.

Yeah, I mean, it's theoretically possible.

The problem is you still have to deliver the paper towels.

I mean, at the end of the day, this is what I think this dispute muse Amazon, Amazon versus the world, sort of comes down to.

Like, Amazon has the best AI moat precisely because what they do, to Jordy's point,

Jordy's been making the pro-Amazon case this entire interview.

He keeps saying, but what about the physical world?

What about actually getting stuff done?

And the whole point here is actually getting the package, getting it to your house, and getting it on your, on your, or wherever the Amazon drivers leave it, which can be fairly random, to be fair.

But the, that is, that's the key thing.

And because of that, I will be researching stuff.

I will find, and, you know, if you ask chat, GPT or quad or whatever, it'll give you links.

And they'll never be an Amazon link because Amazon doesn't allow it.

If you say, if you specify Amazon, it will give you a search URL because that's all they can do.

But you know what I do?

I just go to Amazon and I type it in and I click it.

And it's not that hard.

It's fairly annoying.

I prefer to have a link.

But at the end of the day, my personal revealed preference is I would almost always want it from Amazon because I trust it's going to get there.

I know where to go to look to see if it's on its way.

I know where to go to process a return if I want to do that.

When you introduce all these other pieces, you're actually introducing massive amounts of real world friction.

just because you're too lazy to

fine, I'll click over to the other browser

and type in a search term.

So I think this idea that I want my agent

to actually do it is going to

force Amazon to bend.

I'm just skeptical

because at the end of the day,

Amazon

not really consumer-friendly.

They're like, they don't care.

If you, like, you go to Amazon, it's all ads.

Like, this is not a consumer-friendly website.

For a decade, weren't they like

the customer obsession company?

No, I'm obsessed with their customers seeing as many ads as possible.

Yes.

Even like way before they even had an ad business, though, the website was always completely inscrutable.

Like it's like redesigned the Amazon website.

It's like, oh my.

So that's the case.

By the way, in the other one, the only real alternative to Amazon in terms of it's just going to have it and it's going to get there is Walmart.

And I was pretty optimistic when Open AI did this.

the checkout thing or whatever.

Walmart jumped in and Amazon was like, no.

I'm like, oh, this is super interesting.

Like Walmart's going to actually make a move here.

It makes sense for them.

People in tech don't understand how actually awesome Walmart is.

In that their stores, number one, their stores are like this crazy dystopian experience.

Number two, if you go in their stores, their app's unbelievable.

It will guide you through the aisles to tell you exactly where to go to get the thing that you need.

Like, it's amazing.

It's the best in-store app, like, by far compared to anyone.

Like, I'm obsessed with the Walmart app.

Like, I'm obsessed with, like, United's Tech Stack and why that actually makes them the best airline.

It's a very similar sort of thing.

But then they also have, like, if the stuff's in their store, you can get it delivered in an hour.

Like, who knew?

Great slogan.

Because, like, literally no one knows this about Walmart.

And so when they did this thing with Chatsy BT, I'm like, actually, no one in tech who's going to be buying stuff or who is technically inclined.

through ChatGPT actually knows

how good the Walmart e-commerce experience is.

So this makes a ton of sense.

Fast forward six to nine months.

Like, yeah, that was a mistake.

They're like, people abandoned carts like crazy.

Their cart size was way smaller.

Like all these issues,

it just wasn't a good experience

compared to if you're on Walmart site,

they have control of the experience,

you put more stuff in your cart,

you convert more frequently,

and in addition to,

the getting more data about you,

being able to show you ads,

all the things that accrue to having on your site.

And all this stuff matters to Walmart,

and they're the only one,

just as much as does the Amazon,

and they're the only ones that can rival Amazon for this.

So Shopify, as long as you shop pay, they're cool.

Like, abandoned cart, multiple items,

that's not their business.

And so it makes tons of sense for them to lean in for what they do.

But Shopify tried to do the logistics thing.

Like, and it, go look at the stock chart.

The part where it goes super low down is because they're like, we're going to do logistics.

Like, they learned their lesson.

They are their asset light.

That's what they do.

They work across all these sites.

If you're a merchant, it makes total sense to be on Shopify.

They'll abstract.

They'll be the middle person for every platform you want to be on.

You can sell everywhere.

But they're by definition not going to solve the reason why we still go to Amazon.

And that means Amazon is going to win this dispute or it's going to re-resolved.

in their favor in the end.

Last question.

It relates to this shop pay,

Shopify dynamic, but broad.

By the way, awesome product.

It's the product that makes me not

care about personal agents that can shop

for me because it's just like, it's very easy to buy

any. It's very easy to buy any. 100%.

It's like, I could save you, I could save

you a minute. And it's like, no, you can't

save me a minute because I land on the site.

I literally click the button. It fills in

the code for my, you know,

and it buys everything.

How much do you think consumers actually enjoy shopping?

Oh, can I think of that?

Real quick.

Yes.

Oh, that's, I was going to drop in.

Jordy, you and me, we are two bees in a pod today.

That's good.

People love shopping.

It blows me away.

So tech companies are like, number one, let us book your flight for you.

It's like, I've had a personal assistant for 10 years.

He does not come within an inch of booking my flights for me.

That is crazy talk.

Once I have a private jet, he can book when my pilots show up and find me a private jet.

Until then, I'm deciding which flight, I understand which ones are going to be delayed.

I know which seat I want to be on.

So the fact this is continually a demo is hilarious to me.

Number two, people love shopping.

They don't want to be productive.

They want to be entertained.

One of the biggest forms of entertainment is shopping.

This is part of the whole, like, fast fashion or like all those Chinese bright.

Like, it's fun.

Like, speaking of toys, my nice rack, you know what part is the whole joy of it?

Endless hours of research.

figuring stuff out and then buying stuff

and then the package shows up and you're like

and if you buy unify stuff

they always charge shipping so you have

all this pressure because you're like I want to make

sure I get everything in the right order and then you buy it

and literally the moment after you get the shipping

notification you're like oh I forgot to buy something else

and then you started the process all over again

and it's all torturous but actually it's fun because

that's kind of the whole point of

this is we want to like make money

so much information on a product page

like companies have spent so much

energy like focusing on

And you look at like apparel as a category.

It's like they're going to tell you what size the model is wearing and you want to know that and you want to look at the different different styles.

And the idea of having a personal agent that's like going and getting some of the information bringing it back to you.

And then you're like, well, what about this other like tell me about this thing.

No, this is like you actually want to be on that.

Like this is a this is my free relationship advice of the day.

Just because someone's complaining doesn't mean they're unhappy.

Like like it.

And there's a bit like, oh, I have to go research this.

I have to go do this.

And I'm so busy.

And you have your eater tech companies that can say, oh, I have an assistant they can do it for you.

And it's like, no, not only do I want to do it, I want to complain about it.

I'm enjoying myself complaining right now, okay?

Would you just let me be and live my life?

And so that's why I think there's just a mental reframing.

Stop trying to make people's lives better and start highlighting to them.

This is marketing 101.

Marketing 101 is you create the perception of a problem in people's lives

and you show how your solution or how your product is the solution to the problem.

And instead of saying people don't have a problem that I'm insufficiently productive,

they have a problem that I have too many packages piling up or I'm not processing returns.

And it's like just highlighting that, like how miserable this makes you.

Do you know how much money, Jordy, you're leaving on the table?

You could have like three puffer jackets if you got all your money back.

And then say, look, you could actually just done.

It's done.

Money in your bank account.

Wasn't that easy.

Now you could go and do whatever you want.

You can complain.

You can watch TV.

You can watch reels.

That's the answer.

More time to complain.

Yeah.

The funny thing is it feels like what the personal agents have, the thing that people are super fixated on is the saving money, canceling subscriptions and stuff like that.

And the concern I have there is like we've had a bunch of businesses like that that will even call like I think true bill

Would call yeah is now rocket money. They would call they would have people that would a human in the loop that would call and just cancel

Subscriptions for you or they would try to renegotiate the bill and the problem is these are like these are like billion dollar businesses which which is not kind of fund the cap backs

Yeah. Yeah. Well the I mean the whole cancellation auto cancellation thing drives me baddie as a subscription

proprietor sure like we will get when these do ones.

come out. No, we will, no, no, no. It's actually, it's the opposite. We will have a wave of customer

support issues, which is people contacting saying, why am I not getting my email? And like,

because you cancel your subscription. No, I didn't. And then they go back and look through their

stupid little agent or whatever service went through and just canceled their recurring subscriptions.

Or the worst one is it'll go through their email inbox and you, you are required. Now,

technically, we do send transactional email. Every email is customized. It's not a marketing.

email, but Google doesn't really care. We have to put in the header with the unsubscribe thing.

So what does that mean? People go through and click unsubscribe. What if you, what happens when

you click that required to include unsubscribe? You will stop getting email, but your subscription

was not canceled because those are completely different. Yeah, it's two different things.

And so another customer support issue for us. I'm not getting my emails. Why not?

And then actually, no, you set some dumb agent off on your inbox that canceled your thing.

and now it's this whole rigmar role of you having to agree to these things to so we can legally let you back on the list because like there's actual federal laws around email lists big pain in the rear end never cancel stretecary just don't do it bake that into the pre-trai i mean i should be happy about it because they're like upset that like you know this is actually it's super we actually not building our whole we built our whole email service that is actually amazing we send like fully customized emails at like the rate of like 20,000 like a minute or something like that's like we're just a minute or something like that.

more performant than any other service we have, fully customized, all these sorts of things.

And the reason is, the genesis of doing our own email was every email service out there is sending email people don't want.

So everything around them is about overcoming the fact that people don't want to get the email that they're sending.

And I'm like, oh, I'm actually sending people email people do want.

And it's really interesting.

It just completely changes the problems and issues.

and features that you need to build.

We need custom silicon.

I want 20,000 emails, millisecond.

That's the future.

Thank you so much for coming on the show.

Fantastic to see you.

Always great.

Have a great rest to you, Dad.

Talk to you guys later.

Goodbye.

Goodbye.

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agent to deploy web app, servers, databases, and more.

Well, Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

We got a traffic jam on our hand, so we're going to do a lightning round.

bring in Gagong Biani.

Welcome to the show.

How are you doing?

Sorry for keeping you along.

Hopefully you got to hang out.

Please introduce yourself.

Tell us about Horowitz and Dresen Academy.

I'm Gaganviani.

I'm CEO of Horowitz and Dresen Academy.

It's a new school for young builders who want to go and make something of their career.

We're really excited to be announcing it today, raised $42 million.

bucks and Mark and Eric are joining the board.

Cool.

Talk about the structure in-person virtual.

Thousands of students to start, class of 20 to start.

How are you thinking about scaling up?

Yeah, I mean, you got to start small.

So we're going to have 50 students.

The first class is tuition-free.

It's called the Founding Class Fellowship.

So it's going to be a little different from any other programs we run.

it's in person in San Francisco.

I think that's probably the most important part of this whole thing is that it's about getting right in the mix of Silicon Valley,

understanding the culture, getting immersed in the people, and building a great network.

Two years?

Did I have that?

Or is it one year?

The first program will be one year.

Eventually we'll launch a two-year program.

How hard is it these days to do like four a year?

accreditation. I know like getting accredited is really difficult, but people were saying that

about banks and there's new bank charters that are going out for startups, Palmer Lucky's Bank,

Arab War.

I think the funny is it just doesn't matter. None of the companies that you want to work at are like,

well, you went to an undercredit school. You're super talented, but you didn't get the four years.

Yeah, but how are you thinking about it? Are you thinking like, no, that's my answer.

Okay. That's your answer. That's my answer. Just skip entirely. And it's funny because, because I do think

that I do wonder if over time, like a year is actually, a year is actually enough. Because

like, I remember the end of my spring semester of college. I was like, okay, like, college was

fun. I want to, like, start working now. I feel like I, like, met a bunch of, you know, cool people

and but I'm ready for, like, real life. And I know not everyone is that way, but oftentimes

people aren't ready for real life because they're not prepared to have a real job, right? And so

if you could actually maybe solve that, then maybe people do a year of a university sort of experience.

And then they can just actually go get a job and they realize like, hey, instead of going from this like high burn life where I'm basically losing money for four years to then try to make it all back.

And in later years, you can just have it condensed down.

So CEO raised money.

I assume it's for profit.

But do you have a view on four profit?

versus nonprofit.

Obviously, there's a lot of critiques of the nonprofit system.

But what is the philosophy around the long-term and incentive alignment, basically?

I mean, we're pro-capitalists and pro-optimists over here.

So techno-optimists, right?

So we believe that having a financial model is only going to help us serve students better.

And, like, maybe one of the biggest challenges with the modern education system is we've

completely forgotten about students.

It's like, like, you know,

talk about K through 12 or higher ed or whatever.

It's all about all the,

all the quote unquote adults who run the show and serving themselves.

So one of the great things about the for profit model is it forces you to deliver or die,

you know?

And so our plan is to deliver an amazing experience.

And hopefully our investors and ourselves will get rewarded for that.

Does delivering look like graduating straight into entrepreneurship or,

Are there other avenues that you think are exciting, like joining companies as employees,

trade schools?

Like there's so many different opportunities in the modern economy.

Yeah.

I mean, you guys have been in the Valley a long time, so have I, right?

Like, you know, the most successful people are not only founders.

Like I know so many of my friends who decided to switch from being founders or never

were and joined companies are incredibly productive and successful.

and happy. And so there's no reason to prescribe one thing. I mean, I think one of the biggest

challenges we're going to have as a school is there's going to be a lot of attention and pressure

on these students. And my goal as sort of CEO is to design a culture that reduces that pressure

and allows them to see that there are many different options for their careers. And, you know,

there's many different paths to a successful life. So I don't see why we have to over a grand.

grandize starting a company.

And that's actually why we're building a school and not an accelerator, right?

Because we think that, you know, one, two years to explore and learn is a much better outcome than,

okay, I'm 18 and now I either got to join something for four years or I got to start a company and

give up 10 years.

Yeah.

No, it can be a crazy job.

Yeah.

So many people would have been like top 1% second and first, you know, second in command type.

people and actually like, you know, maybe only top 30% founders. And the difference there is like

tens of millions or even, you know, in some cases, billions of dollars. And so I think that's like

such an important lesson is like, no, you don't, to have an impact in the world to be successful,

to have the career that you want, you shouldn't just be being high, you know, when you're young,

maybe being a founder is high status. When you're older, just like being successful high status.

It doesn't really matter exactly how you got there.

but like you want to make sure that you actually win.

Everyone's equal on the golf course, the country club.

How many people made $100 million in the SpaceX IPO and we don't know who they are or what they do?

I mean, they're just, you know, they're not just.

They are engineers for one of the coolest companies on the planet, right?

And but they don't have a fancy, they're not even second in command.

And I think that just tells you everything you need to know about why it shouldn't be just one path.

coming out at the Academy.

Very cool.

Well, thank you so much for hopping on the show.

Last question.

When are you guys, when's the first class?

Oh, yeah.

Certain fall?

First class in fall, fall, 27.

Okay.

Applications are open today.

So check us out at theacademySF.com.

That's going to be an incredibly low admit rate, 50 slots for, I mean, something that already has

gone viral on the internet.

There's going to be a lot of people.

So good luck to you if you applied.

That's free.

That's free.

It's hard to compete.

So first year is free.

It won't be from that on.

Okay.

Well, thanks so much for coming on, breaking back for us.

Great to see you.

Have a good rest of your day.

What's the only thing faster than the AI market?

Your business than MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

We have Alex Ratner from Snorkel AI.

Massive fundraising news.

I'm going to hit the gong straight away.

$350 million around.

Boom.

As demand grows for specialized A valuation, as demand grows for specialized AIA,

training data, how specialized are we talking these days?

Well, first of all, thanks for having me on, and I love the gong.

I bought a used gong on the street that will look kind of like that.

Sadly, I then forgot about it.

We never really developed the culture of gong ringing.

Yeah, it's not just about the object.

It's about the lifestyle.

It's process discipline, lifestyle, exactly.

And so you've inspired me there.

But yeah, I guess we were here to talk about data in AI,

essentially, right?

So I should get back to that.

Yeah, what does specialized data mean?

I mean, I think one of the big shifts that in some ways, you know,

so we started a decade ago at Stanford and UW doing research.

Yeah, I'm a dinosaur.

That's amazing.

Congrats.

Well-deserved.

I remember when a Jev was called a classifier, if you're okay with the truly nerdy AI jokes.

But, you know, I think there's this big shift that happens in, you know, any kind of autonomy

or any learned autonomy, you know, self-driving, digital LMs, physically AI, where you, you know,

we call it like data 1.0 to data 2.0, where when you're early on in the learning curve,

you know, the model doesn't know much. So kind of any bit of information is additive.

Yeah.

And so therefore, your, you know, rational focus is on volume, right?

And volume is mostly solved by, you know, staffing, crowdsourcing.

How many humans can you get into the factory, right?

And then you naturally get to the kind of the more durable, you know, asymptote phase where,

like now, models are really good.

And it's not about any data.

It's about the right data that, you know, targets some area where,

they're, you know, they don't know something or they're misaligned on something or, or,

or they can be improved.

And finding and building that data, you know, becomes a lot more about precision, quality.

And we think that's really more the, you know, the place where kind of a research and

technology approach comes to bear.

And so that's, that's kind of where we focus.

And that's kind of what we think is the, is the interesting area on data today.

Is it too aggressive to frame you as sort of like short recursive self-improvement?

because there is this thesis, you know, sort of mulling around that, like, the models are going to train themselves and then maybe you don't need any more data because they're all doing synthetic data.

Like, how have you grappled with that? Because you seem very grounded. You've been doing this a long time. I feel like you're not maybe swayed by the latest hype cycle on Twitter in a single week. But how have you processed that whole thing?

Yeah. I mean, I've heard the, and I've been working in synthetic data as a researcher for, yeah, almost a decade too. And I've heard the, uh,

We're one model advance away from, you know, solving everything a few times.

I'd say I'm short the more kind of sci-fi, you know, accelerate and be done with humanity's

contribution to anything, economic kind of version of RSI.

I'm actually, I would call myself, though, more bullish on RSI, but RSI that contains other

elements beyond just kind of modifying model training code and hyperparameters.

In other words, you know, compute energy and data bottlenecks, human expertise bottlenecks, right?

So, you know, I've had this take that it's at a certain point, like super intelligence to do RSI fully needs to be able to fundraise.

Like, you got to go get more capital at some point.

And so RSI in many ways is like AGI complete in the sense that it should be able to do the full stack, even the capital form.

Maybe another example.

Another example is like it feels like we're coming up on math being like somewhat, uh,

solved, and I'm sure once it's all solved,

they're, you know,

hopefully, you know, you can figure out new questions.

But, like, do you expect to see a drop in demand for math experts from the labs?

Yeah, it's interesting.

I mean, I think the first thing before double-clicking on math for a second,

been too many years since I've taken a theoretical math course,

so I'm going to dodge that whole topic artfully run the clock down.

But first on kind of overall,

you know, areas where there's demand for,

overall areas where, you know, this RSI loop

needs data, needs human expertise,

needs real world input as a necessary input.

There's this old, you know,

like we tend to conflate areas that are easy for humans

as necessarily being easy for AI

and ones that are hard as being hard for AI,

and it's often not the same, right?

So math is something where it's very, very hard for humans,

but there are some reasons to expect that it would be more approachable.

I mean, there's decades of work on verifiability engines like Lean

and ways to kind of check it.

And there's lots of data out there and data can be generated more automatically.

And then areas like writing a good Slack post to your coworker,

you know, has sparser data and more, you know, ill-defined rewards

and, you know, doesn't work right away as well.

and needs more nuanced context.

And so, you know, first of all,

there are these areas that are kind of counterintuitive

where there's real demand for human input.

You know, it's not enough just to have a coding agent

that can kind of tweak the hyper-parameters of the model

to achieve RSI.

You need real input from the real world.

But even in the areas like math, like coding,

where we do a lot of volume these days,

you know, one, there's some basic economic, you know,

courses where once something becomes valuable,

and this is especially true for something like coding,

where maybe the, you know, the accuracy goes up,

the demand for some types of easier data goes down,

but the economic value of every kind of additional decimal point of improvement

goes way up because of the value.

And so does the difficulty of creating that data.

And so that's kind of the growth trend that, you know,

I mean, selfishly talking my book for a second that we've benefited from is,

you know, a lot of people have entered the data space.

Great validation for those of us who have been trying to, you know,

push on data being an interesting area for a decade or so.

But, you know, you can't get this hard data with just staffing or sourcing human hours.

You can't get it with just kind of, you know, trying to have the model that you're trying to sell to that provider, generate all the data, you know, like a synthetic slop count.

And you have to actually use more sophisticated blends of human expertise and specialized AI to get this, you know, really, really hard coding data that, you know, emulates what a software engineer, a senior software engineer will do over, you know, days or weeks what an expert mathematician would do.

So, you know, from an economic perspective in terms of how is the opportunity grown,

if you can keep up with that kind of RSI waterline, and maybe, maybe, you know,

feel free to make fun of me, but we call what we build the RSI engine for data,

because there's also kind of a compounding loop in our platform of humans being accelerated and improved by AI,

but then their feedback improving the specialized AI models we use.

And, you know, one has to keep up with the lingo, right?

but but you know our view is only if you have that an approach like that that can

feasibly keep up with the frontier you know if you can't do that your data is not going

to be valuable anymore if you can it's more valuable than ever before yeah well congratulations

on the round congratulations on the progress 10 year overnight success like this uh well

deserved and hopefully we'll talk to you soon yeah great to be awesome we'll talk to you so much

is AI, their business is securing it. Crowdstrike secures AI and stops breaches. We have

our lightning round continuing. I believe Peter from Swarm Arrow, the co-founder and CEO, is in the

waiting room next, but we got a little bit of traffic jam. Hopefully we can bring in Peter, and we're

going to have Tyler Cosgrove sub in for Jordy Hayes, who has to take off right at 1 p.m. Sharp.

I like springing it on people every once in a while. Sometimes I like to do a little bit of an

intro, but we're going to have Tyler sitting next to me. Peter, how are you?

doing? Welcome to the show. Fantastic. Thanks for having me on. Thank you so much for jumping on.

Would love to reintroduce the product for everyone. Just explain how you're positioned in the

market and sort of take us through the basics of the company. Yeah, absolutely. So last week,

we introduced the world Gamera, which is our aircraft, really designed around breaking kind of

the iron triangle of range, payload capacity, and cost, right? And that's really one of the big problems

facing the Department of War today and the Air Force today.

Is the name Gamera from the Connick-Sycar or is it a more generic?

It's not.

We did track that.

No, it is from the turtle monster that fought Godzilla.

Oh, okay, cool.

It is old school.

That's great.

So what does the process of building this actually look like?

I believe we have a video that we can pull up while you're explaining it further.

But I'd love to know, like, are you specifying it in?

in basically like PDFs and documents and then going to the Department of War, selling it and then building it?

Are you prototyping?

Like, what is the flow to actually take something like this from start to finish?

Yeah, absolutely.

So we started this about four years ago when we started the company.

It is a long process.

And we started off by kind of sketching up a concept, figuring out what the problem is we needed to solve.

And then going about designing the aircraft.

But I love the aircraft.

I'm an airplane guy at heart.

But the aircraft was really just one piece of it.

So along with the airplane, you really have to design how to build this.

And as well as building the aircraft, we've also been building the factory, the capacity to really build these hundreds a year.

And when you look at it, you've got a bunch of aircraft, you can build them.

You really have to be able to control them.

And that's where we've tried to do things differently than the single pilot per aircraft model we have today.

It's really building out that autonomy and the command and control stack that allows us to have truly a swarm of these hundreds of

these operated all at once.

Hundreds of them, when I think about one remote pilot per vehicle, is that actually a

bottleneck?

I mean, do we not have hundreds of Air Force, you know, soldiers in Nevada in shipping

containers controlling these things remotely?

Are we actually bottleneck there, or is this just like thinking even further into

the future?

So it's a little bit of both.

A, we truly are.

There are just aren't enough folks out there who have those skill sets.

And be a thing about coordinating this.

You know, when you have hundreds of aircraft, like these are kind of conflicts that happened last time in World War II, right?

So you can have folks talking on the radio trying to figure this out.

You really need that autonomy to truly make that effective today.

Yeah.

So how important is price to the buyer?

How do you actually guarantee that?

Is there any like financial risk where you go to the Department of War and you say it's 10 Mel?

And then it winds up coming back at 9.9 and you're not making any margin.

How does that work?

It's super important.

So this is why we've kind of designed it for the very beginning.

Typically in aerospace, you know, at least since in the last 50 years or so,

it's really been about like how do you get the most performance out of an airplane?

And everything else, you kind of falls by the wayside.

For us, we looked at how much does this cost from day one, right?

And that's not something you sprinkle on top of design.

You really bake that in from the earliest stages.

So we're confident the Air Force is asking for.

less than 10 million per and uh they're not going to pay more yeah uh we've done the math

we can do that that's good yeah was there like a specific kind of like theater of war that this

was like built for or is it like very general like in your kind of ideal use cases are like a very

specific kind of like i don't know geographical sure you know it can be used in a lot of different

places but really when we looked at what what's going to push the limits it really is the

Pacific. It's that range. It's carrying the kinds of payloads that the big enough ones that

make a difference in a potential conflict there. Really, it's focused on the Pacific, but you can use

it pretty much anywhere in the world. Well, thank you for everything you're doing. Congratulations

on the progress and hope to talk to you soon. Super excited. Thanks a lot, guys. Have a good rest of

Unlocked seamless real-time experiences and new value with Cisco.

Good soundboard, Tyler.

I'm learning.

Soundboard.

Our last guest has been waiting far too long.

We have Daniel from Fair Square Medicare.

Welcome to the show, Daniel.

Sorry for the switch around.

Thanks for being flexible.

Welcome to the show.

How you doing?

Hey, thanks for having me, guys.

It's great to be on here.

Appreciate the flexibility.

First time of the show, can you sort of give us

a whirlwind tour of your career. You've done a lot. How do you introduce yourself these days?

Yes, it's a great question. Right now, I'm a car show host. So I have a show called Cars and

Capitalists. I take some of my friends who are great investors and operators out in an old 9-11 and we drive

around Marin. So we have like Sam Lesson, Paul Gou, Sam DeAmico on there. That's a lot of fun.

But, but I mean, like, I feel like the way I should introduce myself is I've tried my whole career to start companies by doing all the wrong things.

But I did a couple of things right.

Sure.

And so, so I've, the last company was fair square Medicare.

Sure.

Sold it after six years.

Great company.

We ended up working, helping find, like 25,000 American seniors find the right health insurance.

Like, there's actually probably a good chance we've worked with like.

the parents of some of your staff.

And before that, did a fintech app called Trim.

And way before that started a lender for the power sports space called Octane Lending.

Interesting.

Is there any common thread between the categories or strategies or teams between those companies?

Or is it sort of just like be open to opportunity when it knocks you open the door and you go after it really hard?

I think there are a couple of threads.

there are two. One is just like consumer advocacy, which was true for the last two companies. So like this one was the kind of realization was people are turning 65 and there are like 50 health insurance plans to choose from. And they really can't tell a difference. It might as well be like a foreign language to them. But the implications are massive of like you get on the wrong health plan and then you get like cancer and then you can't get on a better plan. And before that it was personal finance app called Trim, which I co-founded. And we were.

the first ones to show you a list of all your subscriptions on your credit card.

We were like, we were like Plaid's biggest, one of their biggest first customers.

Wow.

And we were just, yeah.

And that's what became like a competitive space eventually.

I know that we didn't rocket money acquire true bill.

That's what Jordy was saying recently.

Yeah.

So true bill.

Thor on your side.

They just copied us early on.

They copied the subscription feature.

And no, but they, they out executed.

Well, credit where credits do.

Credit,

where credits do,

they execute it.

I think they sold to rocket

for like a billion bucks.

Yeah,

I think they also sold to rocket for like a billion bucks.

Yeah,

and so it was a lot of good,

good times.

What,

where do you want cars and capitalists to go?

Have you asked people

if you can drive their special cars?

Because I feel like the comedians in cars

getting coffee,

part of the beauty is I think Jerry Seinfeld is such a huge collection

that he picks a car that matches with the,

or in his theory, like the comedian's identity, but I would kill for a whirlwind tour of Silicon Valley's biggest motorheads, you know.

Yeah, it's a great idea.

I actually, I should probably like, I like running at lean.

And so I don't do any B-roll.

I don't do outside footage of the car.

I just have a GoPro in the car and it's just us talking.

It's good.

And maybe I'll like go find other people's cars and get, I would need to.

to hire someone to take video of a car.

It would be a very weird show because I feel like 90% of your guests would be like

another model Y.

Yeah.

Oh,

no,

no,

maybe the new roadster.

Maybe the new roadster.

Yeah.

Get some.

I know.

I don't want to drive a go car.

Although I would drive a roadster.

Shots fired.

Yeah,

like a Tesla after you drive an old 9-11,

you realize that the Tesla is an amazing vehicle for getting it A to B,

but it's a fucking go car.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I don't know.

Sorry if I curse on your show.

But, but, um, it's fine.

But actually, you raise a great point, John.

And if anyone is watching and has a, uh, uh, manual at 430, that's something we should

definitely add to the show.

Okay.

It would be, it would be great to have.

But I mean, of course, like, this is Silicon Valley.

So, and, like, a lot of the people on my show couldn't care less about cars.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's sort of bifurcated.

It's like, either they have like an exquisite collection or they've never owned anything other

than a Tesla. And it's the most boring.

Either they care or they don't.

There's very few people that are in the middle.

We've been running predictions with a lot of guests about the Tesla Roadster.

Elon's going to announce it on October 1st.

And he's said that it might fly, might jump, might leave the ground.

Yeah, shut down the airspace.

They shut down the airspace.

The FAA said they've shut down the airspace for 10,000 feet in the air.

So that creates a boundary.

It's either zero inches off the ground.

It winds up not jumping or flying at all.

He was just joking around or it can go up to 10,000 feet.

So I want your prediction right now super binding, super high stakes.

We're going to hold this to you.

We're going to hold you to this.

But how far do you think it'll get off the ground?

Are we talking inches, feet, hundreds of feet?

Zero inches.

It's going to have four thrusters in the back that are going to generate downforce.

That's going to let it go like really quick.

Okay.

So we're looking zero to 60, one and a half seconds, one second, something crazy like that.

No, point nine seconds.

No way. That'll be wild.

Yeah. I have some inside info.

I did like a little deep dive on quantum computing at one point.

It's in sale.

And I was on a flight to Austin.

I sat next to the guy who I don't want to.

Didn't have a screen protector.

I don't.

No, no, no, no.

I'm just like talking to him.

He was a pretty like senior Tesla dude.

And that's all I'll say about it.

But he was like the goal.

He was like the goal.

He was a total bro.

He was great.

And his and he was just the goal is.

to not kill the driver.

Yeah, the G-Force needs to be tolerable.

So if the cold gas thrusters act as downforce,

couldn't you reverse them like the old fan car,

make it lift off the ground?

Even just for a stunt,

you don't think it's going to go even one inch?

It feels like he's been teasing it,

like at least we're going to get it jumping off of a ramp or something.

It's going to go in the air.

Why shut down the airspace 10,000 feet up?

I think that part is a PR stunt.

Okay.

I think he actually wants to make a car people can buy, right?

And the thing about a car with wheels is that it's a wing, right?

Because the bottom is flat.

Yeah.

And then the top is curve.

So it generates up, which is why, like, spoilers exists.

Yep.

So the only thing that really makes sense is, is you have, you have the, like, boosters going down.

But, you know, maybe it'll have, maybe it'll actually be a quadcopter.

Yeah.

But, I mean, it's amazing, right?

That they're, this is, like, their last hurrah.

It's like the last car they're going to make.

Probably, yeah.

Maybe the cyber truck.

SUV. I'm really hoping they do that. I think that would be an interesting one, but who knows?

Would you buy that? I don't know. It's certainly like an aggressive aesthetic choice, but

functionally, like having a full-size SUV for so many modern American families, that's just a

non-negotiable. Yes, there might be an old Porsche in the garage, but there's going to be a full-size

SUV for anyone that has a family. So it just seems like a market segment that they've been

sort of dabbling in with the Model Y and Model X, but they never really

got there because those are more minivan sized.

You got to go with the land yacht, the

American, the expedition, the escalade.

This is what America was built on, right?

I love that. Yeah, you know, you know the

model Y extended wheelbase is like totally

sold out? I have one. I'm part

of the problem. I ordered one of those. Do you

have the extended one? I don't have it yet,

but I was one of the pre-orders

because the full self-driving is very

good and I was like, ah, if they stretch

it out, that sort of checks that box.

I think I can fit all the kids, the dogs,

all the gear in there. So I

think that might fill that slot for a little bit, but, you know, land yacht.

Land yacht is still still in the books, potentially.

What do you think on pricing?

Tesla Roadster.

He originally promised 250.

At the time, 250K, that was supercar money.

That was Lamborghini Ferrari money.

Now it's well-spec turbo S money, right?

It's like it went down from 250 gets your sports car, used to get your supercar.

Do you think he raises the price and it's a $600,000 car?

like a new far or like does he or does he accept like alternate forms of payment like is he going to

accept usd right like he's definitely going to accept bitcoin yeah can't will he accept uh shares

in certain companies oh interesting yeah build the portfolio maybe yeah i don't know i'd be excited

because if they can do some surprising zero to 60 time or some gimmick and then it's just a

really fast sports car for 250 that actually is a unique

space in a world where even for all the supercars, they all started 400 now.

Here's a question, John.

Like, this is obviously not serious for them, right?

They're not going to scale this line.

They don't care about like the revenue.

I would guess.

Yeah, I agree.

Yeah.

This is like a fun toy project.

This is like a better version of that flame thrower.

Yeah.

So like, I wonder how many people they have working on it.

Like I bet it's a tiny number.

And I bet they just don't care that much about the price.

Like they're just going to say 250 because they said 250.

before, obviously if it was like 500 or a million.

I wonder what the elasticity curve there is.

Like they would probably say it.

Maybe they just do a really limited run and then they don't even continue to sell them.

And they're like, yeah, we sold them all at cost and we did the thing.

We check the box.

I'm just shocked that Elon hasn't dropped it because he drops projects all the time.

And he could have easily just been like, I'm refunding all the deposits.

We're going in a different direction.

We're refocusing.

And everyone would be like, great.

Yeah, that's fine.

Focus on the next thing.

like, you know, do whatever.

It wouldn't be that big of a deal.

I don't know.

Well, that suggestion you just made it, it really begs, like, maybe it is a real flying car, right?

Maybe.

Because maybe.

Because, like, why would he do, like, a toy project?

Yeah.

If, you know, it, like, hints at something bigger.

Yeah.

Yeah.

He's never been one to, like, yeah, just rip the band-aid off.

Like, he never took Tesla private.

And it wasn't like, he was like, I got to do that.

I'm sticking with it.

I'm still telling people it's going to happen.

It's just like, yeah.

Yeah, that was a crazy idea.

Didn't work out.

Moving on to the next thing.

Stock's going to the moon, you know.

Are you going to get one?

So the more we've been talking about this,

I think that the deposit is incredibly up,

incredible upside.

Because I think it's like $5,000 down and then you have to put $50,000

down within, within 10 days.

The announcement's 10 days away.

And so it's refundable.

And so if it's cool, then everyone's going to flood in.

you actually get one, maybe regardless of whether or not it trades up or trades down,

you just have the option to be the one with the flying car or you just get a refund.

Dude, what's the roadster pop going to be?

People talk about IPO pop.

Yeah.

Buy it for 250, turn around in a day and sell it for 600.

It's possible.

It's possible.

So, yeah, maybe.

I'm really, really close.

If you believe it's downforce, right?

And therefore, like, this is not an entree into flying cars.

is this is just like a little gimmick.

Then it's going to be limited.

It's going to be the sickest gimmick ever,

which means it's going to,

the value's going to go up.

So like everyone should just try to buy one and resell it.

And also I do just think that the,

like there is a more moderate scenario,

which is it's not a flying car.

It's not the craziest thing ever.

But it's just like a really,

really crazy sports car at that price point.

And it's just like,

yeah,

it's just a good,

good option to drive.

Of course,

like,

you know,

you're never going to compete with the,

with the manual air-cooled portions of the world.

But for a different buyer, it is just like, you're getting a,

you're getting a crazy experience for what is in the modern era,

a sort of reasonable price.

But yeah, if it doesn't fly and he raises the price to 800K,

I think a lot of people are going to be saying, I'm out.

But we'll see.

You know, I wasn't thinking of buying one,

but this conversation is, I think might be a really great trade.

You're not even, it's not that you're thinking of buying one.

It's like, put down the deposit.

it and then you just have the optionality.

And then you get to watch the live stream and say, yeah, I'm going to stick around and wait

because it's still going to take a year, but I'm converting.

Whereas people who did this the last time, they had to wait nine years and they tied up,

I think even more.

Some of them tied up a lot of money.

What would that money?

Do you know how much they tied up and what like?

I think it was like 50K originally.

And if they put it in Tesla, it would be like $10 million or something.

It was like notoriously bad.

But what I'm saying is like under no circumstances,

tie your money up in this deposit for 10 years. Just tie the money up for 10 days. See if you like it.

If you like it, then continue. But if you don't, then pull out and time box it so that you're

always going to be out of that, you know, that market in, in by the end of the year, basically.

What if he says just kidding? And he's like, it's going to be another 10 years.

If it's, uh, then he deserves it. I don't know. Keep the, keep the working capital, I suppose,

you know, have it as a treat. I don't know. Anyway, this.

This is a lot of fun.

Anything else going on in your world?

Anything else?

Robots.

I think the thing I think about right now is I built a building a dog.

I have some free time and I run this company and we continue to help seniors.

But we got, this is Pupper.

Ooh, what's this?

This is a open source.

Quadruped.

Quadruped robot.

It's a quadruped is a really suboptimal design.

Okay.

For a robot.

Why?

Because it doesn't have wheels?

Because like the, you know what an actuator is?

Yeah.

You know electric motor.

It spins an axle really fast, right?

And basically, like, actuators, like, a gear-down electric motor.

Sure.

So it's really good for, like, a car.

Like, it's really amazing in the Tesla.

But they're really bad at generating torque.

Like, if you think about, like, the way your arm moves, right?

There's not, like, an actuator in your elbow that spins.

Like, you just have a muscle.

Sure.

I think the nerdy way of saying that is, like, leaner at torque.

So in a way, all the humanoid robots companies are kind of, like, hamfisting this, like, this component,

which generates radial motion into like more linear motion.

So that's like that's something I'm playing around with.

Cool.

That's fun.

And.

Robo dog.

What do you have the robot dog do?

Are you getting any utility?

What's the biggest use case?

Defense, home defense?

It's like a party treat.

We had we had like a bunch of our friends over for us Shana and dude, they went nuts for this robot.

Yeah, that sounds fun.

It's a pet.

That's kind of it.

And of course, like if you're interested in building a robot, it's a great V-Zero.

Fantastic.

Well, thanks so much for coming on the show.

Hey, thanks for having me.

Let's do it again soon.

Talk to later.

Good to meet you.

Investing for those who take it seriously.

They got stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service.

You think the roadster event's going to go well.

Go express your opinion on public.com.

Do whatever you want to do.

Any other breaking news?

Anything you've been tracking over the last couple hours while we've been live?

I think we're pretty much good. Opus 55 launched.

We talked about that.

Benchmarks look really good, very cheap.

And the key thing that you pointed out was like the second post is like,

this is the first model that we've released since we said we were pacing the frontier.

This is an expression of the pacing of the fainting.

This is, you know, Fable 5.1 class model, but it's much cheap.

So it's not trying to be more superhuman, more dangerous.

It's the safest, best, fastest, cheapest, lightest,

thinnest model ever, basically.

Yeah. And then opening also did the same thing today.

Okay, yeah. Oh, so Seoul's out?

Soul, yep.

GPT6, Seoul. Cool. And then also Luna.

Luna, but not Terra?

Or I might have had that back.

Okay. But new models, the model wars never cease to

entertain. Of course, all the matters is what you do with them.

So send us some, send us whatever you build.

Send us whatever you play around with. Send us the hallucinations, the good,

the bad. I want to see it all. Thank you for watching TBPN.

We will see you tomorrow.

7 a.m. Pacific. Leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Sign up for our newsletter at

tbPN.com throw that flashbang. Tyler Cosgro.