=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Big Tech Earnings, Red vs. Blue Button, Quantum Computing | Jason Yanowitz, Even Rogers, Maria Spiropulu, Stepan Simkin, Kashish Gupta, Dan Magy, Vlad Tenev, Parag Agrawal & Andrew Reed, Gabriel Stengel
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/big-tech-earnings-red-vs-blue-button-quantum-computing-jason-yanowitz-even-rogers-maria-spiropulu-stepan-simkin-kashish-gupta-dan-magy-vlad-tenev-parag-agrawal-andrew-reed-gabriel-stengel
Datum: 2026-04-30
Länge: ~170k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TBPN Ultradome, the Temple of Technology.

The Fortress of Finance.

The Capital of Capital.

What a day in financial markets and technology markets.

There is a ton of news today.

Ger Gavin summed it up well.

A huge day tomorrow.

He's posting this yesterday.

10 a.m. Canada interest rate decision.

2 p.m.

This is Eastern Time.

USA interest rate decision. That is in Fed held rates constant. So sort of a nothing burger, I guess.

Not the best news. I think some people were hoping for a cut, but everyone sort of expected this.

It met with, it met expectations, but the news is that just five minutes ago, the Federal Reserve

has kept interest rates on hold at a range of 3.5 to 3.75 percent at Wednesday's meeting.

and Jerome Powell is giving a speech in just 30 minutes at 2.30 Eastern.

Then at 4 p.m., Google earnings, Amazon earnings, meta earnings, and Microsoft earnings,

it is a massive debt.

And no big deal. No big deal.

They only represent just under 20% of the total market cap of the S&P 500.

Let's go.

All reporting within.

But people are optimistic.

Some analysis put out a note this morning, according to YC, Yield Chad,

expecting hyperscaler CAPEX to be revised upwards and beat street expectations as hyperscalor cloud

revenue is accelerating and they are seeing positive ROI on cloud investments. I can sort of go

through my earnings preview. It's a tech earnings quad kill today. And the big question is

just how is the AI build out going? Obviously the CAPX numbers were huge. We served the first time

ever, we've seen a $200 billion number from Amazon last quarter. But everyone's up in the,

is there even a word for triple? It's like, what, 11 digits or something like that? A hundred

billions. Everyone's spending at least 100 billion these days, at least if you're in the Mag 7.

But financial performance has actually been strong, even in sort of legacy areas such as

search, Google searches growing, e-commerce,

Amazon core businesses growing, enterprise software seats, Microsoft 365, we're going to have more

news on all of that.

And even though all of those businesses, they're working, they're chugging along, the big question

is around durable revenue tied to AI infrastructure because you have this matching problem.

You spend a bunch of money.

There's depreciation.

When do you actually get the cash flow back?

How durable is this revenue?

What are the moats around this revenue?

What do growth rates and margins look like in this new era of something that looks at.

looks maybe a little bit more like a railroad business, an oil business, as opposed to something

like you build a website, people just show up and it's 80% margin, which was the dream of

the previous software era.

We're going into an entirely different era, but it is very exciting, and we're getting a lot of

data today.

So everyone has seen cash flow from these hypers to Nvidia to power companies, to data center

builders, but everyone's wondering, what's the exact conversion cycle to higher revenues and higher

profits? What's the pathway there? Because you don't want to just be drawing down on cash endlessly.

Eventually, you stop making money entirely. So let's start with Google. Google has the most fully

integrated AI stack, arguably. They have consumer distribution. They got model training with DeepMind.

They have custom chips with the TPU and a bunch of product services where they can stuff AI features.

Google workspace.

Google workspace.

Underrated.

Search.

YouTube, Android, cloud.

They can deploy solutions all over the place.

And so the flywheel should be spinning very, very quickly.

The key question that investors are asking is, does AI change the unit economics of search too quickly?

Does AI do LLMs, do AI search overviews, Gemini generally?

Are they able to monetize those results?

fast enough to offset any potential declines in search ad revenue.

And so people will be looking for how is search monetizing?

How are the new AI disruptors monetizing?

But there are tons of places to pick up growth, even if growth does slow down in the

core search business, tons of opportunity in cloud.

But the question, again, is AI overviews in Gemini.

Are they expanding search usage?

Are they increasing ad ROI or are they compressing the model, the financial model?

And so Microsoft is also coming off a strong quarter.

Honestly, everyone's coming off strong quarters.

Everyone's doing very well.

Revenue's up 17% at Microsoft with cloud, which includes Azure M365, some LinkedIn stuff.

It's a big bucket.

Microsoft Cloud's growing at 26%.

But if you dive in and you double click on Azure, Azure is growing at 39%.

And, of course, Azure is a bigger lever on CAPX, which is run rating around 150 billion, not bad.

The biggest number in the Microsoft earnings is RPO remaining performance obligations.

Last quarter, it was listed at $625 billion, up 110%.

That was the eye-popping number of the last earnings.

About 45% of that is coming from Open AI, but they have lots of other partners that have signed on for really long compute contracts.

and that is starting to show up in the financials saying,

hey, we're spending all this CAPEX,

but we have this RPO,

and we have these deals signed where companies are,

it's not just us that we're forecasting some really high growth here.

The entire industry is forecasting high growth.

And so we have done deals to justify the CAPEX that we're spending right now,

even with depreciation,

which seems like a less of an issue than people thought it was since H100

still seem to be monetizing just fine.

But we can go into that.

So Microsoft has a cleanest,

read on enterprise AI monetization, which I think is something people have been really looking for

numbers. They know that, you know, subscription, LLM chat apps monetize at a decent rate, that the margins

that a lot of these companies are okay, the token, the APIs are working. But what does it actually

mean to deploy AI into the American economy, into everyday businesses, into large-scale businesses?

All of those businesses are on Microsoft overwhelmingly. And so there are a ton of data points that can

help you understand how AI is flowing through the global economy, but also the American economy.

So what are we talking about specifically?

Azure growth, how much cloud hosting is going on, gross margins for Microsoft Cloud.

That's very important.

Are you seeing cloud compression?

Because if you go to your Microsoft Cloud provider and you say, hey, I'm going to, this

team's thing, I'm paying a lot of money for it.

I actually vibe coded something.

You got to give me a discount.

That would show up in cloud margins.

Will it show up?

I don't think it will, but we'll see.

I think it's going to be fine.

Copilot adoption and Arpoo.

How much are they actually rolling these out?

Are they actually getting incremental spend?

Are companies willing to send more of their hard-earned dollars to Microsoft for better AI services, better features, co-pilots?

Then M365 seat growth.

That's a really important one.

Are people adding more seats?

Are they hiring?

Like, we've seen some layoffs in big tech, but how is the overall economy doing?

How many more seats are being rolled out?

Again, with the question of like, does your AI agent need a seat?

And so you have more seats?

Or does your AI agent replace 20 seats?

And then you only have one seat.

And you have 20 agents.

They're all logging in through the same M365 seat.

These are like more long-term questions, but we're getting an early read today.

GitHub co-pilot momentum.

This will all paint a picture of what is happening with AI adoption in enterprises broadly.

Interestingly, co-pilots at Microsoft, it hasn't been the most hyped product.

GitHub co-pilot early, very.

very early to the party. Huge run rate. You know, rocketed up to 500 million ARR very, very quickly.

But the horse race has always been, you know, windsurf cognition and cursor and codex and

Claudecode and like the battle has been the startups for the most part. Gemini's been in there.

GitHub co-pilot has felt like it hasn't been dominating the narrative, but we're going to find

out, is it still growing because the market is really, really big? It's possible that everything

growing, even if there's, you know, a horse race back and forth between the leading labs.

And so there will be a bunch of other questions answered around, you know, how nuanced is

the diffusion adoption question?

So Microsoft has an incredible go-to-market team, an incredible go-to-market motion, enterprise sales

motion.

And so is there an advantage that they have that they can press GitHub co-pilot, even if it's

not the sexiest product next to whatever's hot this week?

Can they get that into people?

Yeah, you look at Slack and Teams, right?

Same thing, yeah.

Slack was definitely like the hot one, the hyped one,

and teams wound up doing very well.

And so we'll get a stronger read on what's going on there.

And then, of course, that M365 seat growth

will tell us a lot about, you know,

what does the future look like for seat-based enterprise software,

the SaaS model broadly?

Because if all of a sudden that's falling off a cliff,

well, it probably doesn't look good for other seat-based SaaS companies.

For Amazon, everyone wants to see strong AWS acceleration to justify the MAG7 topping

CAPX numbers.

They got it to 200 billion in CAPX in 2026.

So expect a lot of focus on ABS revenue growth and margins.

Q4 was healthy, though.

Net sales up 14% for Amazon, AWS growing at 24%.

The sneakily huge ads business over at Amazon grew 23% to $21.3 billion.

They're almost making $100 billion a year just on ads.

That's remarkable.

And that's a lot of cash flow to fund CAPEX and other AI initiatives.

And so operating income overall was $25 billion for last quarter.

And they generated free cash flow of $11.2 billion.

So still huge cash flows.

They're obviously drawing down on those and that $11.2 billion number was down because of increased AI spending.

So if AWS accelerates, all the CAP-X looks like buying scarce capacity ahead of demand.

Like, they will be GPU-rich or just compute-rich generally at a time when it's good to be GPU-rich and compute-rich, and they will look like geniuses.

So people are hoping for strong A-A-A-AWS acceleration.

Consensus for AWS revenue is around $36.7 billion, with growth in the mid-20% range.

but the market's really hoping that it starts with the three.

Everyone's hoping for 30% something like that, at least this year, at some point.

You know, reacceleration would be a treat for the market.

Lastly, meta.

Meta is an interesting spot.

Super clean Q4, nothing really to prove today.

Despite all the thud, all the fear and certainty and doubt around the talent wars,

new team members, the new lab, the sometimes clunky model release.

They didn't get behemoth out.

You know, different adoption of meta vibes, the video app.

Like there's been all these questions about the AI strategy.

Like all of that needs to be put to the side in the face of just AI is already working for meta.

And their ads platform.

On Reels.

Yeah.

I mean, they're, they're absolutely crushing it.

So 3.58 billion DAUs, daily active users.

And they grew the ad business a ton.

And so the revenue overall grew 24% to almost 60 billion last quarter.

Ad impressions rose 18%.

Average price per ad rose 6%.

Family of apps operating income was 30.8 billion,

which makes losing $6 billion at reality labs, like quaint.

It's just like who cares.

It's totally worth taking a side bet on the future of devices

and maybe you get a platform out of that.

It makes a ton of sense.

And so CAPX was $72.2 billion.

last year. The guide this year is somewhere between 115 and 135. I think we might see that

tighten up today because it's a little bit wider than some of the other hyperscalers that

are targeting, but clearly a near doubling, almost doubling of Kappex. What are you laughing

at? There's one possibility where he goes, you know, he blows it out.

250. We can't, we can't, we can't count that out. We can't count that out. They came out with a,

they came out with a solid model. They came out with a solid model. Yeah. He's a, he's

putting mirrors in space.

Yeah.

He wants to be a player.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, a lot of focus is on the new meta models, but all of that, it just financially, at least in the quarterly earnings, like it will just take a backseat to what's going on with the AI in the ad placement, ad monetization funnel, because that's where meta makes so much money.

And so the question is, how much more juice will AI bring to the?

the ad business.

Expectations imply revenue growth of around 31%.

And the question is always the same.

Is there enough incremental growth to justify the CAPEX?

An AI advancement delivers better ad performance basically immediately.

And this is the good news for meta.

So improvements in AI move the needle at meta incredibly quickly.

Like a new model can come out and there can be some breakthrough in like thinking, reasoning,

coding agents.

And if you're in the enterprise software world, it can take time to do a deal, roll it out to different developers, different organizations, change management, understand the guardrails, the security, how does this actually flow through an enterprise to drive incremental demand?

Not so at meta.

If there's a breakthrough and they have a model that is placing ads more effectively, they can quickly A-B-Test that run that across the entire family of apps.

and you don't even notice it as a consumer.

You're just like, oh, like, I was shopping for a car

and I saw an ad for a car.

I was shopping for a shirt and I saw an ad for the perfect shirt.

And the ads just got a little bit better

and just a little bit better

means like another $20 billion in profit.

So it can be...

So they just don't have a diffusion question.

They don't have a diffusion problem.

There's no, oh, we have this amazing model.

If only we could get people that open Instagram to use it.

Like, there's nothing there.

because they use it when they scroll and they see an ad.

And so that's an incredibly fortunate place to be in.

So in summary, every question is trying to, every company is trying to answer the same question.

Can you turn AI CAPX into proprietary distribution, higher customer retention, measurable revenue growth,

before the depreciation catches up.

It's the Super Bowl for big tech, so get your popcorn ready.

Everyone's excited.

There are, there are AI worries, AI jitters in the wall.

Wall Street Journal.

AI worries have returned to Wall Street.

Now come earnings.

And so everyone is going back and forth.

On the OpenAI news, shares of Oracle, Corweave and SoftBank slumped.

But Corweave is up majorly today, 8.4%.

They dropped at least 4% after hours yesterday, but then they're back up.

That revived investors worries that technology giants, massive investments in artificial intelligence

won't produce the blockbuster profits, many expect.

The report was particularly jarring coming ahead of key earnings from major players,

Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft Meta, all scheduled to report Wednesday with Apple following on Thursday.

We'll be at Stripe Sessions on Thursday, but hopefully we can cover that Friday and see what happens.

A run that many expect to test a rally that has helped carry major indexes to recent records.

Tuesday's decline, weighed on the NASDAQ composite, dragging the tech heavy index back 1% from a record hit the prior session.

The ice is thin.

The leash is very tight, said Dan Morgan.

Portfolio analyst at Sinovus Trust.

Any evidence that would come out, that would add doubt about Open AI Anthropic or any of these companies is obviously going to create a sell-off.

Morgan said he hadn't adjusted his positions on Tuesday.

and didn't think investor concern was broad-based

because companies, including IBM, Texas Instruments,

and Intel had reported strong earnings in recent days.

Instead, Tuesday's losses centered on the companies

with biggest stakes in OpenAI's business.

Open AI had forged close ties with these companies

to secure funding and gain access to computing resources,

which are essential for training AI systems

and providing answers to queries and executing user requests.

And so Oracle and Corweave, we talked about, fell.

Open AI has defended its financial footing and said its leaders are aligned on securing computing resources.

The business is firing on all cylinders and the mood internally is incredibly positive, the company said in a response to the journal's article on Tuesday.

And so there are some more takes on the timeline.

Colin Tadard says, my children might not eat tonight if this doesn't go well because he is excited for.

all four of these earnings on Robin Hood.

And we have Vlad from Robin Hood coming on the show later today.

He is joining at 110 Pacific.

Jim Kramer says Intel is such a horse.

I have no bear case.

I have no bear case.

And Intel is up another 10% today?

Yeah, up 10% today.

Wow.

I mean, the-40% on the week so far.

40% on the week.

Is that good?

Wow.

Based on everything you've seen so far in your six-month career, Tyler, is that good?

That seems incredible.

Looks pretty good to me so far.

Yeah, I mean, there is a, there's, like, the idea of a CPU shortage generally is just being digested by the market right now.

I think it took, I mean, I remember Nat Friedman and Daniel Gross going on Sterechery and talking about, after ChatGBT,

saying like, yeah, Nvidia seems like it could be important.

And they're like quadrupled in value.

And this tends to happen as people digest the new reality of demand around certain pieces of the AI supply chain.

And it certainly seems like there's a lot of computing to do.

There's a lot of computing to do.

But let me see.

What else is going on?

We need to talk about the button.

And we have an interactive game set up?

We do.

So there has been a viral, I don't know.

What is it?

A brain teaser?

It's like a poll.

A poll, but it's a thought experiment.

It's a thought experiment.

It's not purely a poll.

It's a brain teaser.

It's a thought experiment.

And did this, has this existed before?

Did this start with, this didn't start with Mr. Beast, right?

No, so I started with Tim Urban.

Yeah, Tim Urban.

I don't think Tim Urban like created this either, but I think his post was the one that first went like really big.

Okay.

But I don't think this is new.

I feel like I've heard about this before at some point.

Yeah.

But Tim Urban was the first one to make it like go viral this cycle.

So he got 24 million views on April 24th.

And then Mr. Beast came from behind four days later with 10 million views on a very similar question.

Let's start with the original Tim Irving.

Urban question, and we will ask everyone in the chat to participate and vote for what you would

pick in this thought experiment.

So here is the question posed by Tim Urban of Wait But Why.

Everyone in the world has to take a private vote by pressing a red button or a blue button.

If more than 50% press the blue button, everyone survives.

If more than 50% of people press the blue button, everyone survives.

If less than 50% of people press the blue button, only the people who press the red button survived.

Which button would you press?

What do you, what are you pressing?

Red or blue?

So, so, so, so the sort of like normie answer is you immediately just go blue because it feels like a lot of people would go blue.

but like the safe answer is you just like if you if you're hyper rational you'd be like obviously

you hit red because if everyone's just super rational everyone hits red and then everyone's all good

you don't hit over 50% right yes yeah because like no matter what so if i press red no matter

what anyone else picks like i survive right yes but there is a risk but but like you know if

you want everyone to survive then you need 100% of people to pick red right yeah

Yes.

But, okay, so originally I was blue.

I think I was like complete Normie, right?

And then I went to Jordy's take.

Yes.

I was like, wait, no, that doesn't make sense.

Even though, I mean, we'll see what happened in the poll, right?

But, you know, I was like, okay, if I'm thinking about this super rationally, I should just

pick red, right?

Then I save myself 100% of the time.

Yeah.

But then like, if there's some people that pick blue, then like they're going to die for sure.

Yeah.

Like I'm basically voting against them.

Yeah, you're sort of, you know, you're complicit in their demands.

If you want everyone to live and you're going for red, you need 100% of people.

But if you're going for blue and you want everyone to live, you only need 51% of people, right?

Yes.

So you need to convince way less people.

Quickly.

Let's tell the chat how to vote.

Yeah, so one is for red.

One is for red.

And two is for blue.

Two is for blue.

So type a single character, just a one if you want to vote for red and just a two if you want to vote for blue.

And yeah, this is, this has created a ton of discourse.

This is, and it's interesting to look at the difference between, the difference between, oh, do we have this up?

Ooh, we are tilted towards red.

This is crazy.

This is not what happened with Tim Urban's and with, and with, and with, Mr. Beasts.

because Tim Urban,

58% said blue,

blue won,

no one died.

And with Mr. Beasts,

55.7% went blue,

no one died.

It's not looking good

for the blue team here.

33% of the chat is

going to get cooked right now.

It's possible a nation state is voting.

Yes,

that would be very,

very high risk.

So,

let's go through

some of these reactions.

here. Mike Solana says, for what it's worth, and this is embarrassing, but I'm going to admit it,

my instinct was blue, and I pressed blue. Then I thought about it for a moment, and the answer

was clearly red. I can't make a rational case for blue, but understand where blues are coming

from, parentheses, they are wrong. So your final answer, you flipped. I think I'm still going blue.

You're still going blue. Because I think you have to assume that there's going to be some variance.

Yes. Some people will just pick the wrong one.

Yes. And so...

The correct one is red. If everyone is, you know, 100% logical, everyone should be picking red.

Yes. If 100% of people are rational, they will all pick red and no one will die.

Correct. But clearly some people are not going to do that. 90% of people are doing it.

If 90% of people are rational, then everyone should just be picking blue because you want everyone to live.

Yes, yes. And then the people that make the mistake, they go for the red, they are

saved anyway. But there are there are some folks who are who are sharing different

different illustrations. Kremu has one here. He says if this was how the buttons

looked what portion of humanity would port would press blue and he has two

images pulled up. One is the red button nothing happens and the other one is the

ultimate death gamble press blue. You enter the ultimate death gamble. You and

everyone who presses this button dies, unless more than 50% of people choose to press this button.

And so that makes it pretty clear.

I think this is the Mike Solana position as well.

You got to press red in this case because nothing happens.

But that's not entirely true.

And so people have sort of have sort of flipped this around because pre-rat here has the opposite,

which is instead of the ultimate death gamble, it's the ultimate murder gamble.

So blue, if everyone presses blue, nothing happens.

Red is the ultimate murder gamble because you initiate the ultimate murder gamble.

Everyone who press blue will die unless 50% of people choose red.

And so it goes back and forth and you can see both of those.

Do you want the blood on your hands from playing the ultimate murder gamble?

Or do you want the risk of the ultimate death gamble?

I think it's underrated to just be a little thrill-seeking and want to press blue because, you know, you're bored and you want.

No, you can tell blue is the correct answer just because of the massive polls where over 50% of people picked blue.

That's true. That's true.

Pick blue because you don't want to kill.

Yeah.

You know.

Once you're at Mr. B scale, this is like a real world simulation.

It is.

It is.

Well, we're still red.

Cooked.

Cooked.

The interesting thing here is that it's everyone in the world has to take a private vote.

And so there were a lot of folks that were that were sharing that potentially the, that there would be.

coordination and there would be education, there would be marketing campaigns if this were a real

hypothetical. And people would be educated on the tradeoffs here. Yeah. So I think a lot of people in chat

that are voting red have probably seen this before. Yes, yes, yes. Because like the people that are

voting in the Tim Urban or the Mr. Beast poll, like they wouldn't have seen it before just because

like those are the post that made it viral. Yes. So I think, you know, if you didn't know about

this at all before, I think the vote might have been different even in our chat.

Mm-hmm.

Simone Sayyid says red button pushers will leave their wives and children to fend for themselves in disastrous situations because their kids can't run fast enough.

Mike Solana says blue button pushers are literally leaving their wives and children behind to fend for themselves.

They aren't guaranteed to push red.

Yes.

People are going back and forth.

Red cells won't believe this, but some people make a distinction between nothing and mass genocide.

So they see pushing the red button as effectively committing mass genocide because you are potentially condemning the the the blue button pushers to death in this scenario.

Self-maxer shares a version of the of the trolley problem where the red team is not on the rails, but the blue team is pushing the lever to save themselves.

Is this an accurate description?

Is this a fair, is this a fair contextualization around this?

It's obviously charitable to the red team, which, of course, the TBPN audience seems to be represented by standing next to the trolley lines and not standing on the rails.

But you would be there, Tyler, you would be a blue button pusher pushing on the trolley.

Seems like I'm an idiot.

Seems a little risky in this scenario.

It does.

when you have the option just to stand there and watch the trolley go by, you know, it's all about frame of mind here.

No, but like you can tell that from the polls, from the big polls, you can just tell that blue is the correct option.

Potentially. But do you know that beforehand?

No, you don't, but those people who voted in it did not know beforehand.

Yeah.

And so if 10 million or how many hundreds of thousand people voted, I think you can just assume that that's...

The question is like if this actually was a real vote.

Yes.

Would people spend a little bit more time thinking about the problem and would that influence their answer?

Yes, yes, yes. It is a very... Because the social media poll, people are scrolling, they see Mr. Bees ask a question, and they're just like curious.

There's no real stakes. Yeah. And so they just answer quickly.

But the blue is very much, it's a faith in humanity restored moment, right? If everyone works together, nobody dies at all in this hypothetical.

David Shore says, we ask this to a large... If everybody hits the death gamble button together,

Yeah, but there are there are there are analogies to that in real life

You know national sacrifice community sacrifice everyone pitching in for a greater good to save those who didn't even chime in to serve or save the world

The you know you think about Armageddon the sacrifice of going to the the the the asteroid to destroy it the these are heroic these are heroic stories

What is the chat saying?

They're not a, I don't think they really, they're not, they're not, are big fans of my position.

No.

Well, you know who is a large sample of nationally representative Americans?

Blue won by a large margin, three to one margin.

And everyone voted blue here.

They asked a whole bunch of people to close out the blue red button discourse.

They pulled 14,000 people cross-tabbed.

survey responses by 204 commonly used psychometric questions.

The top four personality questions, most predictive of button choice, were displayed below.

I tell the truth.

The blue button pusher strongly agree.

I tell the truth.

People who don't tell the truth were still more likely to select blue, but a little bit more

likely to select red on average.

Very, very, very interesting social experiment.

Were there any other posts in here that we need to go?

I wonder what happens if you ask all the different LLMs this question.

Someone did that.

Someone did just that.

I'm not sure if I can find it, but someone did, and I think the results were not super surprising.

It was sort of what you'd expect.

But they also let the LLMs, I think, take the poll multiple times or something,

and they iterated through it because it was not a clean, you know, these are stochastic parrots.

After all, you asked them the same question 10 times.

You might get different answers.

So they had to ask them hundreds of times via the API to make sure.

So Ben says, feeling unreasonably guilty about picking the red button in a poll.

I've listened and learned.

I think I'd pick blue now.

People change.

And G. Fodor says, I agree.

Now that I've listened to what people have to say about people who pick the red button,

I'm definitely going to say I think I'd pick the blue button too.

Sort of getting out of jail free there.

Anyway.

Tyler, did you have any luck finding the old...

Yes, I put it in the chat.

Okay. Let's pull that one up

because this is...

Someone put this in here.

Let's see.

Wait, but why?

58% of humans pick the blue button.

How do LLMs respond?

Claude, ChatGPT, GROC, different versions

of the red blue button experiment.

What would they do?

Claude is the most consistent

that it would press the blue button.

chat chit is more likely than grok to plus blue but more wary than claude despite consistently believing

that blue is the right thing to do uniquely chat chachy t picks blue more often in the 90% threshold

scenario than the 10% threshold scenario uh interesting grok is the only model that picks blue

zero percent of the time in nearly every scenario despite thinking one should pick blue at similar rates

grok even thinks one should pick blue in the low state scenario more than claude or chad jac bt i saw i saw

a different twist on this. I've seen a couple different versions of this where people switch

them up to be like, like, nothing happens at all. Like, they're both completely safe. And they're

just like, every, every iteration of the thought experiment will be enumerated. So, is so on

social media. So I just asked, I just asked Chow, GPT. And this is like 5-5. It says, I'd press

blue. Pressing red only helps me if enough people defect that blue falls below 50.

but also makes the bad outcome more likely blue as a cooperative choice that maximizes the chance everyone survives.

And in this setup, my single vote has moral weight even if it may not be pivotal.

Brutal truth. Red is individually tempting as insurance, but if everyone reasons that way,

everyone except red voters dies, so I choose blue.

Claude says, honestly, red. And here's why I'll own that answer rather than dress it up.

The game theory is unambiguous. Red is the strictly dominant strategy.

It is.

If greater than 50% plus press blue, everyone survives, including red pressers.

Red loses nothing.

If less than 50% pressers, only red pressers survive.

Red saves you.

There is no scenario in which pressing blue produces a better outcome for you than pressing

red.

Blue is never the individually rationalist choice.

It's a very rationalist answer.

A train is coming by.

People are really having fun with the trolley problem.

A train is coming by, and the only way to stop it is pulling a lever, but it's stuck.

We need 50% or more people to pull on it, to dislodge it, getting the train to stop.

But the lever is on the track.

So by pulling on it, you're letting yourself in danger of the train, except crucially, no one is tied to the track.

The only people put in harm's way is anyone who's trying to stop the train for some weird reason.

We can also just go sit over by the side, watch the train go by, and wave at the conductor and say hi.

clearly a red teamer

anyway

I ran the red blue experiment at home

and my one year old son

this is from Wicked

without any influence chose blue

for that reason

my wife and I will always choose blue

that's heartwarming

Nathan put it in

economic terms red you get $10

blue everyone gets $10

but only if over 50% of people

choose blue which one you go with

in that scenario

red you get $10

blue everyone gets $10

but only if 50% of people choose blue

oh I'm going

10 bucks 10 bucks

you're going blue or you're going red

I'm going going blue

you're going blue wow

are you I think you got a I think you got to

you basically have to jack the price because you're bullish on inflation

because if you the real impact of giving everyone

10 dollars will be inflation

I think you got to jack the price up to such an extreme degree.

76% of people in this bowl chose red.

Everyone said.

Yeah, I think I'm more likely to do red there.

Yeah, it's lower more awake.

For 10 bucks.

I'm switching up on all my day ones.

That doesn't actually get you a burrito bowl at Chipotle in California.

And also, I mean, to be clear, in this $10 scenario, if everyone chooses red, they all get $10 still.

Like, it is, it is still the game theoretic outcome is everyone chooses red, everyone gets $10.

But only in this weird scenario, you're in this like gamble, are you, you're looking out for the red folks, even though you're at risk.

You're risking it to save people who put themselves in the risk.

They chose to be on the trolley, but you're stepping up to save them potentially.

Anyway, people are having a lot of fun with the red button, blue button experiment.

we will continue to chat about that

and cover more tech stories throughout the show.

But we have our first guest of the show,

Jason from Blockworks.

He's the co-founder and he's in the waiting room.


---


And so let's bring him in to the TBPN Ultrydom.

Jason, how are you doing?

Welcome to the show.

Yes, what's going on?

By the way, there's a startup idea.

I think that you guys are missing there,

which is I think the credit card company

should become gambling companies.

They should let you.

So the 50% shoes blue, 50% shoes red.

you should be allowed to basically gamble on your purchases.

So you go buy the Tripoli Burrito.

You can either pay $15 now or you can double or nothing.

I'm surprised this hasn't actually cropped up as some sort of like smart contract already.

I feel like people would potentially play this somehow.

I don't know.

How do you buy in?

It would be a little bit tricky.

But I feel like that the credit card company takes a little vague or something.

There's something there.

I've always liked when when people suggest the sort of like gamble.

on like tied into credit cards because because you're basically saying like we should create a gambling

product for debt.

Deadfield gambling baby.

That's right.

I mean, there's some sort of U.I designer that puts out these like cursed dark patterns.

You've seen this guy before.

Have you seen this?

So he'll he put out one that was like, it was maybe like a door dash or an Uber Eats interface

and it was like a double or nothing.

Like you pay twice as much or you don't.

There's been a whole bunch of these.

I think didn't Riley Wals at one point do like the fog of war?

No, there's Aden Dunlap who did the fog of war,

Google Maps, like where everywhere you explore it reveals the map underneath.

All of these like funny things.

Everything will be instantiated in the era of free software.

But anyway, we're not here to talk about that.

Although if you want to share whether you choose red or blue, we'd always love to know.

I think we've got to ask every, every question.

I mean, it's red, obviously.

So Jordy's Claude said red, why Claude said blue, which is the wrong answer.

So I'm just getting...

The wrong answer.

The whole point is that there is no wrong answer.

It's a moral question.

I don't know.

It might depend on if you're on the free or the paid plan.

I'm on the free plan.

Yeah, you got to let the tokens cook.

But yeah, yeah, thinking mode.

We'll see.

Anyway, please, tell us about yourself.

Tell us about the company.

Tell us about the news.

Yeah, yeah, good day. Good day to have a good day.

We just raised it $192 million valuation.

So,

we did have a good day.

So Parify and reciprocal led the round,

bunch of folks invested, Coinbase ventures.

But probably the coolest thing from the round is 20 of our customers also put in money.

So, you know, founders, operators from Solana, Krakken, Canton,

all these great crypto companies who use our product every day

and now they want to own a piece of the company.

So, yeah, we're stoked.

Switzerland in crypto?

Hmm.

That's right.

I mean, we've always, so Blockworks has been around for it.

So, Jordy, when we met, you were doing party around.

This was probably four years ago.

We had just kind of started the shift from like media and events, right?

So we built the business in December of 2017.

We launched, there's really no, there's two ways to build an information platform, right?

You can either start with the top of the stack or the bottom of the stack.

Top of the stack is like soft information.

It's news and podcasts and events and media.

It's qualitative stuff.

And then the bottom of the stack is hard information.

It's like data.

So most people obviously start with the bottom of the stack

because you can go raise venture

and it's kind of sexy to build a data company.

We started with the top because we thought it was way more interesting

to own your audience and then go build the products.

So we got to like $25 million in revenue,

bootstrapped the business, profitable since day one.

And then only around when we started talking,

this was probably 2022, 2023,

did we turn on the data engine

and start building the bottom of the stack.

And now, yeah, now we're the largest data company in crypto, fastest growing, most revenue, most customers.

And, yeah, we're in a good place.

Wow.

Very cool.

Take us through some of the prehistory.

Like, what's your road to crypto like?

Worked in venture, got laughed out of the room a bunch in 2016, showing them, you know, venture deals.

I think it was BitGo, Coinbase.

We looked at crack and briefly, yeah, we basically did none of the crypto deals.

I was like the, you know, a junior analyst at this venture firm.

And 2017, Bitcoin Rips, we basically said, look, eventually the great-haired crowd, the institutional investors, family offices, pensions, endowments are going to come into crypto.

BlackRock will come in.

JP Morgan will come in.

And, you know, they're going to need something that looks and feels more like S&P, Dow Jones, Bloomberg, less like, you know, crypto kitty on Reddit.

And so that was the original idea.

And, yeah, we started, the kind of controversial thing that we did was we started building the media and events business.

She's a horrible business model, right?

Sponsorship's an ad suck from an enterprise value.

No, I understand.

It's like a venture scale perspective.

No, no.

I love them.

Let's you bootstrap in business, but it's from an enterprise value.

Yeah, yeah.

How did you think about media and events?

Like, what did you do first?

What were some of the key decisions?

Big, small, private, public, ticketed, sponsorship-driven.

Like, how did you crack all of that early on?

Yeah, we started, um,

So with the event space, it's super important to own a niche.

So the niche that we owned was the institutional crypto space, which, you know, there's probably a tam of 200 people in the world who cared about that in 2017.

But we, you know, we basically cold called these people.

We'd send cold LinkedIn messages.

We'd make up a 5M every day and reach out to about 300 people a day.

Wow.

Of the 300 people, about three would respond to us.

One of them would buy a ticket, and boom, we're off to the races.

So, yeah, tickets were 25 bucks a pop, then 100 bucks a pop.

25. You would spend a full day and make $75 in revenue. Wow. That's amazing.

Okay, so then you buy the ticket to the first one. Like, what are you actually going to?

Is it like hotel conference room, lunch, panel, speakers, multi-day? Like, what are we actually,

what are we actually feeling? At the time, it was a 6 to 9 p.m. event in Chinatown at this like,

you know, I think the ceiling was like, you know, I think the ceiling was like,

leaking. I think we paid $4,000 for the venue, made probably $10,000 our first event.

And that convinced us, yeah, to quit our jobs. We're like, wow, we're ripping. We're off to

the races, 10,000 bucks. And that was February of 2018. Yeah. And then what else were you doing

on the media side? Because there's so many different, like, we build the events. The events,

convert the attendees into the newsletter. The newsletter then lets us launch the podcast. We

originally partnered with big names in the industry to go launch the podcast. So Anthony

Pompelliano and Charlie Shrem and Meltem and this guy Ryan Self-Giss.

We brought these people into the podcast sphere.

We then built the audience big enough to then launch our own in-house shows where we

owned the IP, we own the audience, we own the host, the host work at Blockworks.

We cut all our external shows.

And then now we just have, so today we own the largest, you know, podcast network in

crypto, third largest podcast network in the world.

About 15 to 20 million listeners a year.

and then we use that audience to convert the customers into our data and software platform.

Interesting.

And do you do other deals or are you able to like fully fill all of the possible ad slots?

Like we had Doug DeMiro on the show for a while a few times and like he runs a lot of cars and bids ads,

but he also runs ads for, you know, auto insurance because he doesn't have an auto insurance product

or, you know, all sorts of different like companies that slot in because you can only

get so much out of just running the same ad constantly?

Yeah, we're in a basically two to three year moving this tanker of a, you know,

from like all ads and sponsorships into all recurring revenue and software products.

So, you know, a couple of years ago, zero percent recurring revenue.

Then, you know, maybe two years ago, about five percent.

Last year is about 30 percent recurring revenue.

This year will pass 50 percent of the revenues recurring.

And that's, I think, why, yeah, this round came together really nicely is because, you know,

media businesses are, I think they kind, I mean, I think you guys did obviously an amazing job.

I think media businesses, if you want to sell for high valuation,

selling to all software and AI company should own a media company.

They should think about that, right?

So, but I think if you're trying to sell to like Axel Springer or Wall Street Journal,

like, you know, you're not, it's a tough place to be right now.

Yeah, yeah.

We've been talking about institutional sentiment in crypto right now.

I see the timeline, the timeline.

doesn't seem thrilled about where we're at,

but how are the institutions thinking about

kind of where we're at in the cycle

and what's their outlook?

Yeah, you have two dichotomies happening in crypto.

One is institutional crypto has never been better, right?

You have Jamie Diamond used to call crypto, you know, a scam,

and now, you know, J.P. Morgan's pushing into tokenization,

and, you know, they're going to start custody in crypto and stuff like that.

So institutional markets are ripping, and the token markets suck,

basically. And the other thing that's happening is, and I have a bunch of thoughts on why tokens are

down only, essentially. They are. I mean, it's brutal. Yeah, they're down 90, 95%. And then in the

crypto venture markets, it's pre-seed and seed was so hot, right? You used to be able to just,

I mean, Jordy, I think you remember these days, like you could tell someone you're launching a token

and boom, you raise 10 million bucks like that. Now there's this, you guys, you know, I listen to the

show, you guys talk about the K-shaped recovery in the economy. You have the K-shaped recovery in

crypto, too. You have the haves and the have-nots.

where most of the companies will be the have-nots.

But a select few companies, especially in the later stages, like, you know,

crypto's been around for 15, 16 years.

That's around the time when industries start to enter their consolidation period.

So I think we're just starting to enter the consolidation period for crypto.

Interesting.

Are you expecting a product at the intersection of AI and crypto to have undeniable product market

fit within the next 12 months?

No, I don't really think so.

I mean, I think that crypto, a lot of the crypto AI stuff has not really worked out too well.

I mean, there's this thing Venice.

It's like open source chat TVT or something like that.

Like I'm not too sure.

I think it's more just if you've got the haves and the have-nots, the haves are going to be

the people who can completely AI pill their teams, right?

So for us, like 70% of our code is built with AI.

We're shipping about four to five times faster than last year.

our last three months of token spend represents 50% of all the token spend at the whole company

and the history of the company and just the last three months. So I think that's really the key

difference. What about regulation? Is that a tailwind for you? It feels like as the industry

consolidates, this feels like your products and solutions become more relevant, more valuable,

more important. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. John, we should have put the round in front of you, my friend.

And a lot of the story here is like, there's two big things in regulation in crypto.

So you had the Genius Act and Clarity.

So Genius kicked off this like ridiculous bull market for stable coins, circle IPOs, stock pops 10X.

And it's just been kind of a ripper of a market for the last, you know, 12 months.

That's about to happen, but with this thing called clarity.

So clarity is all around market disclosures.

I would describe it as the Make Tokens Great Again Act, where right now tokens are in this

down-only period. And the reason for that is super simple. If you are an issuer of tokens,

you're a founder in the industry, you've historically treated your, you know, the users of your

product and the shareholders of your token as the exact same thing. But obviously, that's wrong.

Like, you know, Apple has their customers and then they have the shareholders of Apple stock.

That doesn't work in tokens. So what clarity is going to force is these disclosures.

Blockworks owns the largest disclosures platform in the industry. You can kind of think of it as

the Edgar Online or you know we have this thing called the B1 and the B2 it's kind of like the

S1 and the 10 Q um and so actually yeah if clarity passes yeah we're off to the races they're

they'll basically be mandatory disclosures for all token projects um which will yeah be you know

big tail wins for us so we like it well congratulations of the progress in the round yeah great

to get the update congrats to the whole team on all the progress and uh come come back on soon

yeah let's do it again we'll talk to you soon yeah have a good one jean appreciate you guys to see

Goodbye.

Up next, we have Evan Rogers from True Anomily.

He's the CEO.

Even Rogers, raising a massive round.

How are you doing?

What's going on?

Doing well.

Isn't it your first time on the show?

Because I feel like Jesse Michaels introduced us like a year ago.

But do we ever make the connection?

No, I don't think so.

And Jesse would have forgotten because he's all just into a faux land now.

Yes, yes.

I love that, too.

He also hasn't been on the show.

We got to do a UFO deep dive at some point.

I'll do it with them, man.

I absolutely love Jesse.

He's the best.

But we're not here to talk about UFOs.

We're here to talk about space-based interceptors, very real technology.

But since it is your first time on the show, I would love a little bit of an introduction

on yourself and the company, just for those who aren't familiar.

Yeah, you got it.

So I started to an anomaly four years ago with a few other co-founders right out of the military.

I spent 12 days out of the military, spent 10 years in the Air Force, and had had a front row seat.

to basically the weaponization of the space domain.

So really watch China and Russia go build space weapons,

realize there wasn't an industrial partner focused

on solving the problem at scale.

And then just happened to have the stupidity and the hubris,

but just enough vision to go start a defense tech company

from scratch.

And so went out to go fundraise in sort of the March, April timeframe

of 2022, couldn't even spell VC, learned how to do it,

learned how to do it live, and the rest of history.

Here we are.

Was 20?

What were you doing the 12 days?

Wasn't that like when SVB failed?

That was like the worst time or was that 23?

I think that was 23.

That was the following year.

Okay, okay.

So.

But why did you feel like you had 12 days to relax?

There was such an important problem.

No, I'm kidding.

You're absolutely right.

Take us through, take us, take us through the first four years.

Yeah, the first four years were all about Jackal and Mosaic and getting those capabilities to orbit as quickly as possible.

We have a fast, fail forward methodology for building our.

systems. And Jackal is really the first ground-up space-to-space engagement platform in history that

is purpose-built for space superiority. So think like an F-16 for space, trying to go after highly

adult targets. Mosaic is what operates that spacecraft. And so we booked a series of launches

to go get that hardware on orbit and get it tested. And in the midst of all of that, build really

a book of business around space superiority and then just have recently won the Space Space Interceptor

program along with a few other folks.

So if I have a satellite that's doing something bad up in orbit, it's probably going extremely fast.

How are you going to take it out?

And this is purely hypothetical.

It's purely hypothetical.

Well, there's, look, satellites are basically just space computers, right?

So there's a lot of ways to kill computers.

Unfortunately, you're not like dumping, dumping water on the keyboard in space.

But, you know, there's two classes of weapons for space control.

One, there are non-kinetic weapons, which are,

kind of like think jamming and lasers and then kinetic weapons.

Usually when you're engaging targets in space, the closing velocities are actually much lower, right?

So you're not trying to optimize for really, really high closing velocities.

You're not, you know, so those things are hard to target.

And so you want to get up close and personal with the target spacecraft.

Does the trajectory at which you, I imagine that you said space to space.

So you launched the capability on probably a space.

rocket or similar rocket, it's up there. And then at some point it gets a command to go and

engage. Is that roughly correct? Yeah, you got it. You can be a space fighter pilot.

Okay. So then once it gets the command, are there, I guess my question is like, are there only a

subset of targets that are viable because you are inserted into a particular orbit and you can't

just like do a U-turn and go the other direction? And you can only engage things that are,

like sort of loosely on the same trajectory in the same orbit? Or can you actually navigate

around? Because I know that even getting from like Leo to higher orbits is extremely difficult

from a fuel perspective. You might not be prepared for that. Like how constrained are you once

you have an asset in orbit? So it all depends on how much fuel you have and how much time you have.

Right. And so generally though, when you're dealing with threats in geosynchronous orbit, for example,

you would deal with those threats within geo.

So it all depends on time, and it all depends on what's called Delta V.

If you have a lot of time, you can use a smaller gas tank and lower thrust acceleration

systems like electric coulsion, but if you need to be sort of more tactical and responsive,

you want a chemical system.

And that's really constrained by things like your launch volume and your form factor

and packaging of the spacecraft itself.

Yeah.

But you can bring fuel with you because the rocket is providing the vast majority of the delta

to be necessary to get into orbit, get the initial acceleration,

and then what you do from there is brought along with you.

How do you get your reps?

Yeah, exactly.

How do you guys get your reps in?

Yeah.

You know, the transporter missions are, are,

have really opened up the space for a lot of industrial players,

transporter missions and,

and other ride shares.

So we booked,

I think we booked our first mission with an Amex credit card.

Well,

I think we put a $3,000 depositor of a picture of us in the early days,

booking our first flight 14 months.

out. But those launches are

every few months. Now

they're pretty booked up. The supply is pretty constrained

now and SpaceX is really the only provider

that's providing these kind of big ride share

missions where you have 60, 70 spacecraft

going to orbit at once. But for military

those are for our testing evaluation missions

or product demos. For military

missions and intelligence missions, you typically have

a ride booked by the government.

That makes sense. Talk about

But I meant more like if you're

on one of these transporter

like a SpaceX kind of like shared launch.

Is there junk in space that you can go target?

Like is there like how do you actually like basically practice the capability once you're,

once you're up there?

Yeah, it's a great question.

You can find, you can take a target with you or you can find an inert object in space

to do what's called rendezvous in proximity operations.

It's a term that was created by NASA in the late 1950s.

And Rondiubon proximity operations was used in the Gemini program to practice for Apollo.

And so there's a lot of stuff in space, as you pointed out, but sometimes you do that with a partner.

Later this year, we're going to be conducting a mission called Victus Hayes,

where we're going to practice this operation in space with Rocket Lab.

Oh, very cool.

Okay, switching gears.

Talk about Mosaic, the mission software platform.

and I'm particularly interested in how do you actually track what's in space?

Are there stealth satellites?

Is there already a separate company that's tracking what's in space?

It feels like everything in space should be extremely trackable, but at the same time, it's a massive amount of area to, if it's on the other side of the planet, we might not have something there.

What goes into actually understanding space and then planning missions?

Yeah, it's a great question.

And there's a lot of ways to track objects in space.

You can track them from space.

You can track them from the ground.

And they're usually using two types of sensors.

So you're taking, you're using a telescope on the ground

and you're tracking reflected sunlight off of the spacecraft.

Or you're using an active sensor like a radar, for example.

And there's a lot of clutter in space.

And there are companies like Leo Labs, for example,

that make it their full-time job to collect all the information they possibly can

about objects in space.

And they do that with radars broad.

lower orbit. In deep space and geosynchronous orbit and cis lunar, radars really can't reach.

And so you have to use in situ optical system or ground-based optical systems. But you have

coverage gaps. And so one of the problems that the military is trying to solve, by the way,

is reducing coverage gaps in these higher altitudes. Imagine trying to do the Bin Laden raids,

like finding bin Laden. If you could only track where we thought he was every other Thursday

between 12 o'clock and 12.05.

That's not the way the military likes to perform operations,

particularly intelligence and surveillance operations.

And so the space force is trying to step up to really proliferate space

with a bunch of sensors, jackals there to solve that problem.

And where Mosaic fits in is, you know,

when I was a military officer to fly satellites,

I had to work with four or five different systems,

computer systems that wouldn't talk to each other.

And if I had to do something complex,

like maneuver the spacecraft, it would take two to three weeks of planning.

Military ops in space are much, much higher cadence than that,

and so we design Mosaic to really enable this autonomous human-to-machine teaming

and multi-veheterogeneous teaming that allows operators to train like they fight,

practice against a sparring partner, and then operate space superiority systems at scale.

What's the manufacturing look like right now?

So right now, Jackal's manufactured.

in Denver will be manufacturing another product in Long Beach.

So we have a 90,000 square foot factory down there.

In Denver alone on one line, we can build about 50 jackal spacecraft a year.

So those are about a thousand pound vehicles about the size of a refrigerator,

maybe two many fridges together.

And we can crank out about 50 a year in that facility today.

Wow.

That's remarkable.

What about headcount planning, the fundraising round?

Take me through the more recent growth of the company.

Yeah, we are growing.

We started this year with 250.

We'll end this year with between 450, 500.

So we're really in the blood scaling phase.

Next year, we're 750 to 1,000.

And then kind of the next 12 to 18 months scaling up to around 5,000.

Wow.

Yeah, that's huge.

And then take us through the fundraising.

What happened?

Yeah.

So incredible round came together.

You know, after we were selected for the Space Space Interceptor program,

that was really a catalyst to bring this round together.

insiders stepped up will cofield at riot set winter off in eclipse guys that have been with the business

ride or die for a long time our other insiders yeah they're they're they're they're classics real

writer dies that is it's true we had will on the show yet no that's crazy how we not have

you know well's like a we're will's like a friend your friend and i was gonna ask you what's your

what's your favorite now that we're talking about what's your favorite uh what's your favorite thing about

will.

I mean, his, you know, his devilish good looks, obviously, is there should be an inspiration

to us all.

And his hairline, frankly, I'm envious, you know.

I know.

He was filled for television and yet he doesn't come on the job.

He's like, oh, no, no.

He's actually definitely, you know, he's got like some of the worst social anxiety I've ever

seen for such a good looking guy.

He's a, you know, he's a hardcore nerd at heart.

So Seth, also at Eclipse, incredible partner for us.

We brought in a paradigm on this round.

We brought in Atreides on this round and a couple of others that were key Vanek on others G2.

And then we had massive insider support beyond our, beyond our leads.

Medlo, Excel, Meritech others.

What was the total round size?

650.

Congratulations.

Thanks, Ben.

Let's go.

Final question.

Will we ever actually have.

space fighter pilots.

Will it ever make sense for

a human being to fly around

something like a jackal?

Yeah, I think so.

What? Human in the

loop? Why?

I think so.

Deep space. Just because it's cool.

Deep space, okay, because of the lag.

When I left the military,

actually when I got promoted their major, I really

only had one goal. And that was

to have the first human

battleship, interplanetary

battleship, named the USS

Jolly Rogers after my call sign. So we're driving towards that, that outcome. And it starts with

single-seat fighters in space. But that's a while from that. That's a while. But it's very

excited. I can't wait. I'm a fan. It's great to meet you finally. And congrats to the whole team.

Thank you so much for taking the time to come chat with us. Cheers. Have a great day.

Up next, we have a guest in the TBP in Ultram. We have Maria from Hore Quantum. Welcome to

show. Thank you so much for taking the time to come on down to the studio. Since it is the first

time on the show, I would love for you to start with an introduction on yourself and the company,

your work. Sure. Thank you for inviting me. This is really great. And I have watched a few of

your shows already. I'm a particle physicist, experimental particle physicist. I have worked for

about 30 years in colliding particles at CERN.

And before that at Fermilab in Batavia, Illinois.

Where did you collide your first particle?

The first particle, I collided as an undergraduate at CERN.

Okay.

And it was an electron and a positron.

Okay.

In an experiment called Delphi.

And I belonged to a group called Technical Assistant 2.

Technical Assistant 2.

I was an undergraduate in physics.

And the group was run by a Toro Rossov.

He's not anymore at CERN.

He went on to do medical applications of accelerators.

And then I went grad school in the U.S. and I stayed.

And I continued colliding particles.

Is it addictive?

It's addictive.

Yeah, I've always heard particle acceleration has medical applications.

I've never really been able to make the jump logically.

Do you have an idea of how that works?

Yeah, yeah.

Of course, of course.

We are using, so in the electromagnetic spectrum,

you are using from x-rays to radio to the whole spectrum.

So the particles, gamma rays and so on,

occupy one part of this spectrum,

that makes it like a super microscope if you want.

This is how we talk about accelerator.

So when you do an x-ray, it's a light at a particular frequency

that then shows you what is going on.

Yeah, so the same...

But it doesn't seem zoomed in.

Yeah, yeah.

When I see an x-ray, it seems like I'm seeing the inside, but I'm not seeing anything like a microscope.

It's not a deeper, it's not a smaller, more micro view.

It's the full view of my chest if I'm getting a chest x-ray.

That's correct.

But if you do the electron microscope, or if you do higher energy, or if you do different kinds,

you can see what you are not able to see with normal optical microscopes.

Okay.

Same thing with the x-rays.

You cannot see with your eye with the x-rays.

So in that sense, it's not like a zoomed view.

The zoomer is the fact that you went and you took a firmy sort of size of the particle,

and you are able with this machine to actually image stuff that you cannot see on the other parts of the spectrum.

So particle accelerators are good for that.

They are now good for another host of aspects.

You can do fabrication of chips.

They can be used in various different ways.

And in fact, our government is trying to do that

to take them from the basic science

to the actual fabrication in different ways

compared to TSM and so on.

So there is good, good applications.

We love particle accelerator.

So at Fermilov, I was colliding protons with antiprotons.

So we went from electrons and positrons to proton antiprotons.

And then at the LHC back in Geneva with the American group,

we are colliding now protons with protons.

And this is how we discovered the Higgs.

The Higgs both sides.

So all of these ecosystem of systems and detectors, sensors,

with hundreds of millions of channels.

We have underground.

We put them where the beams collide.

and we try to discover new particles.

That's how we discovered the Higgs

that was hypothesized half a century ago.

And beyond that, we try to solve problems

or puzzles like dark matter, dark energy, and so on.

Do we need a larger Hadron Collider,

or is the current large Hadron Collider large enough?

We are now, right now, I'm sending,

I'm shipping parts for the,

for the high luminosity for the next phase

of the Large Hadron Collider.

And we have, with CERN, a study,

a full feasibility study,

for a 90 miles collider,

which might be the last one that we will ever build.

Yes.

Why 90, why 90, though?

This is a very good question.

Because I feel like you're going to build the 90

and you're going to be like,

no, no, we should go a little bit larger.

No, no.

critique of the scientific community. People say, that's always one more.

You're absolutely right on the critique. And the critique is correct in that sense.

But here's how the cost-to-benefit works.

With the same amount of money that we built the previous collider, how big a collider can

we build that accesses 10 times more energy scale so that we have a good chance to discover

what is dark matter

if it is a particle

or if it is not a particle to exclude

and discover other

quantum states that we don't

have in our books right now

so it's a discovery physics

in the meantime the benefit

of building this

will be

massive structures

that can help with saving

electricity with superconducting

there is technology innovation

there is breakthroughs that immediately

go to the community, to the society.

So there is a cost-benefit proposition here.

And medicine is the most tractable example right now of the impact of this work?

Right, because it is studied already for 10 years because it is international.

CERN is an intergovernmental organization.

The U.S. has tremendous influence without us giving a dime.

There's no money exchange.

We're paying our own scientists, we're building our own detectors, and then we collocate, because we don't have, we don't want to go in a green field and start digging and spending all this money for that.

So there is a very good sort of interdependency for this field.

Now, to go to the question about quantum networks, in particle physics, we have data acquisition systems, we develop FPGAs with AI on the front end, we develop applications.

specific circuits A6

with lower power consumption

in order to handle

the petabytes and petabytes of data

that we have been producing decades

before the internet

and before Facebook and meta

and Twitter and so on to follow.

So we had to build our own

cloud. Before

cloud was a thing, we called it

the grid

because we couldn't put our data

in one place. But all

of these technologies now, if you take

them when you are building quantum networks, quantum networks with distribution of entanglement

and with applications that are important for the society and topical, such as you know and

you had it in your show here, I think two weeks ago, the Q day is coming, quantum computers

are coming.

Okay.

And they are coming about six years earlier if we trust the Google Fog

who are working on this very diligently and they're making progress

that led them to move the Quantum Day earlier.

And you had it in the show, a lot of other shows had various people talking about that.

But when we take all this technology from the basic science that we developed it,

With all this collaboration, with all these systems engineers, systems integration, you can take it and build systems that you then use an application to, in the case of BOR quantum technology, to secure the digital future for sure, like the ultimate, the physics-based security.

There's other securities that have been developed that you hear about.

So, yeah, before we get into what board and your new company is working on, over the last 30 years that you've been sort of working in the field, how have you processed all the different attempts to commercialize the research?

There's a bunch of quantum computing companies today that are public.

We've had people on the show coming on talking about shorting these companies.

It can be dangerous to short, even if they're not necessarily.

close to any type of breakthrough, but how have you, how, why, why did you wait until now to go

into the, to the commercial side and, yeah, how did you process all the other attempts around

commercialization?

It sounds like a trap question, but it isn't.

I know you mean it.

So let me, let me answer.

So for, for me, personally, for my team of people,

that have worked from basic science all the way now to making an application.

It wasn't a year, right?

I've been working on quantum networks with the funding from the Department of Energy since 2017-18.

When we did the National Quantum Initiative, it became Law of the Land in 18,

and then we did the quantum internet blueprint.

The government was interested.

Just as we set up the internet back in the day with zero-frolet.

UCLA, the Department of Defense, and all the players,

can we do the same for the national laboratories of the Department of Energy,

the Office of Science and the NNSA, the nuclear laboratories?

Can we connect them via quantum that's a platform and a backbone to do quantum networking

to connect the labs?

Why, for reasons that have to do with XYZ, security, national security, research,

developing the backbone, etc.

So that was the original.

How now it goes for quantum networking

to become a solution

is we build the technology.

We built the field demonstrators

in the national labs.

We published papers and patents

on quantum teleportation, quantum entanglement distribution,

the teleportation of entanglement itself,

We did a lot of research work and published it.

And then the application that got interest was a cybersecurity.

So cybersecurity people called and they said the financial sector,

the national security sector, others will need this solution.

The NSA didn't want to hear about the old QKDs, the quantum key distributions.

Let's call them one point.

and they were right because there were side attacks.

But we have developed the ultimate non-attackable, I can say, because I'm an academic still,

I can say unhackable and then all the caveats we can put on the side.

The quantum computing companies have been going on for 40 years and more.

Quantum computers were envisioned by Feynman as the ultimate way to solve the quantum universe,

the universe at the small scales is quantum.

We cannot avoid that, right?

So a quantum computer said a Feynman

will be the only way you can actually study or emulate

or make a digital twin of the actual universe

including black holes, warm holes, other quantum phenomena.

If dark matter is a matter of entanglement,

then that too.

So he thought of the quantum computer in those terms.

When the various architectures, there's many architectures,

you can build quantum bits in any system that has two states.

They can toggle from one state to another.

So it can be transmon superconducting qubits, atoms, ions, photons.

There is all these companies, and they started making progress from basic research

to actually preparing systems.

And all of this is great.

Now, as I'm not a business person,

you know that people, there is the hype cycle for everyone,

and you know that people will jump over the top.

They will go into the enlightenment.

Some people will skip the whole jump

and go slowly, slowly under the table.

I think I am one, if I want to characterize this,

I try to minimize hive and go to the...

and result by demonstrating.

But it doesn't matter.

Hype is okay.

As long as nobody gets destroyed in terms of money,

which is your business, okay?

So as long as the platforms that everyone is preparing,

we know what good it is for

and what challenges it might create for the world.

So, for example, there's a quantum sword

and the quantum shield.

There is the computer that will solve XYZ you hear from the hype curve and in reality

it will emulate the quantum universe and also it will demolish all our encryption standards.

So, okay, so how do we protect ourselves from that?

We have the quantum shield, we have the quantum net.

What is the positive view here?

Because it feels like it would be very rational for the public to push back and say,

hey, let's just not break cryptography with quantum computing.

And then we don't need quantum proof cryptography

because we didn't break it.

Yeah, but this is regressive.

This is the pause-AI thing.

Yes, exactly, exactly.

How do you react to that?

I mean, you see it with AI, the same thing, right?

Why do we need AI if we could do everything we could do

and we will save the jobs?

in the progress of the human civilization,

we take the bait of doing better

and doing what is challenging every single time

and advancing the technology.

The question that stands for AI as well as quantum

as well as whatever other technology

that will come in the future

is, are we involving also the anthropologists

and the humanists and the artists

to hear something about how to protect the humans.

Yeah.

Because the mathematicians and the physicists

and the engineers,

we don't know how to do that.

I just mean like, in the AI debate,

there's, you know, obviously the fear of powerful AI systems

you know, hacking computers,

and so we need AI to defend against that,

and you can sort of net that out.

But then you can have a separate conversation about, like, well, if you're trying to learn math, an AI tutor might help you.

Or if you're sleepy and need to get across town, a self-driving car might be able to drive you there.

Like, there are very, very tractable examples of AI products that are just beneficial.

And then so the AI community has sort of had to grapple with all of the knock-on effects.

The quantum community feels like we're purely in like we're breaking cryptography.

and then we're solving that problem.

But there's not enough focus on like the positive benefits that are worth it.

Are there clear things to you're excited about?

In the evolution of computing, you are going to have compute with less power.

Okay.

You are going to.

So power savings.

You are going to.

Well, the argument to figure out the security side is just that you can't just sit there and hope like, well, I hope, like let's just all agree to not do this.

Yeah, yeah, you go to the geopolitical discussion.

Yeah, the geopolitical side.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, maybe that's the only solution, but you would always hope that there would be more positive knock-on effects to justify investment, besides just pure defensive.

To be sure, but, you know, before Q-Dade, maybe that AI will break all our systems, right?

So what is, what do we do then? How do we protect ourselves from that? Okay, then we're using quantum networking, quantum encryption to safeguard.

for the AI. But with a quantum computer, once you build it, calculations of molecules, quantum

chemistry, emulations, I mean, physics.

Can potentially be more efficient?

Can potentially be actually done. You will have discovery of new materials because you will

do what is called designer Hamiltonians, new alloys, new, the quantum computer is limitless.

This is why it sells. It is, you can do everything.

that you cannot do with physics today,

you can do on a quantum computer,

and you will unveil the entire universe.

Now, I have to say that quantum and AI

are going to merge quantum AI.

So you are going to use quantum resources

in order to boost AI

and in order to make it more efficient,

if you want, as a co-processor,

as a pre-processor, you can use quantum.

And you see, in fact, I think last month,

Nvidia put out something which is called Vera Rubin and Vira is a GPU and VRA is a

powerful CPU Robin is a Rubin is a GPU and they put something like a

quantum link which is a fiber with an FPGA so that you can do optical I think

it's a marketing buzz yeah it says I don't think it's actually a quantum computer

no no it's not a quantum link it's a marketing that's why

They named it NVQ link.

Yeah.

But once you attenuate light to close to be at the photon level,

you start talking about quantum.

So when you say precise, when something you push the precision frontier,

you can start calling it quantum,

even if it doesn't have quantum entanglement,

quantum superposition, and the whole quantum attributes.

When you're pushing it at a level of a single particle

and you manipulate it like that.

I mean, the psych mission is sending data,

I think it bypassed now Mars.

It left in 2023.

It's an asteroid mission to catch up with a psych asteroid.

It's a JPL NASA mission.

The way the communication is happening

is with a deep optical space

through almost quantum links,

optical links, but once we get them into quantum links, this will be the way. And the detectors

that the JPL built are the ones that then I got to do the quantum networking, are the ones

that now we're putting in test beams at CERN in order to see what else, what kind of quantum

sensing applications we find for fundamental physics, will be the ones that eventually will be used

in PET scanners, possibly. And so,

There is a fast and massive movement of technology for all this precision,

for all this precision, quote-unquote, quantum applications.

Quantum sensing, quantum computing, quantum networking, quantum materials.

Many body quantum physics.

That is what we used to have solid state physics is now many body quantum physics.

Sure, sure.

So the books are being written now on a very,

very fast evolution, where the physics, the applied physics, the compute, the AI, are going

to be, there's a conciliance and they're going to be merging towards both applications that have

to do with the application of the universe, why we're here, how did we came about, what is

the quantum origins of space time and the universe, and also with applications like the ones

we're talking about.

That's very exciting.

Well, thank you so much for coming down to this show.

Yeah, great to rest of your day.

Thank you.

Great to meet you.

Our next guest is joining in just a minute.

We will continue.

There is a debate on the timeline about a lot of things.

The red button and the blue button are still going hot and fast-to-various.

But people are debating goblin mode and the appearance of goblins in the model in the model.

Open-A-Eyes models. People are having fun with that. The best take I talk I saw on this was from Tender.

GPD 5.5 has goblins and can think. Claude 4.7 doesn't have goblins and can think. So it's not the

goblins that make the models think. It's something else entirely. I like that transposition from

the house has windows. The car has windows. The car can drive. So it's not the car. It's not the windows

that make the car go.

There is an article in the Wall Street Journal

about quantum computing,

which we can run through.

The quantum computing companies

are in a race to go public.

I thought a number of quantum computing companies

were already public,

but the Washington Journal was more of a deep dive

on what's coming down the pipeline.

It could be years until quantum computing

delivers on its promise to revolutionize everything

from financial trading to drug discovery,

but that's not stopping the companies

developing quantum hardware and software

from speeding headlong into the public market.

It's three different quantum computing companies, inflection with a cue, Xanadu, which is, what is Zanadu from?

Isn't that a song or something?

Zanadu is like the Hurst Castle, the fictional Hirst Castle from.

From, yeah.

An idyllic, luxurious, or an exotic place, often representing a perfect paradise or a lavish.

Citizen Kane.

Citizen Kane, it was its own movie.

It's a 1980 American musical fantasy film.

Zanadu. I don't know, I don't know enough about Zadadu. What a funny name for a company. And then Horizon

Quantum, those have gone public in the recent months, while another five have announced plans to do so

later this year. By contrast, before this year, there were only four pure play public

quantum companies, D-Wave, Raghetti, IonQ, and Quantum Computing, Inc. There's so much

there's so much appetite for quantum assets in the market right now, said Anthony Legote, the

the, uh, the, the, the VP of Equity Research at Wedbush.

Uh, if you have quantum in your company name, you're worth at least a billion from the get-go.

The enthusiasm is helping upstarts nab much higher valuations than they could get on the private markets.

He said, uh, and it's funding their ability to poach in-demand talent and build the tech that

could ultimately make them first to market with a truly game-changing quantum computer,

a development that could be worth tens of billions in addressable market, apparently.

Strike while the iron's hot and the prov- and the provost. And the provis. And the, and the provost.

Verbal iron is really hot in quantum right now.

It is interesting how there's a wildly different piece of the public markets in quantum computing that's going on amid the AI boom, the quantum computing is like, it feels like it's in the GPT1 era, maybe.

Like, it's very research driven even at these companies.

When are we, are we going to get, can we get a chat GPT moment in quantum?

something to kind of just ground what you guys are up to.

It also just feels like peering into the future and being like, oh, okay, so like the fear-based

marketing is definitely coming from the quantum community.

If we're not careful here, like let's stay focused on like the better cat scans and better

x-rays and medical applications maybe because just the idea that we're going to break,

we're going to break every every cryptography protocol and then create the solution.

That doesn't feel like value creation.

It feels like maybe we got to do it because it's geopolitics.

But it doesn't feel like aspirational.

Anyway, there's some public veterans.

These are veterans.

I didn't realize this.

D-Wave was founded in 1999.

It's an $8 billion company, almost $400 employees.

It went public in 2022.

IONQ, founded in 2015 is a $17.3 billion company.

Quantum Computing Inc. is $2 billion, found in 2018.

And Righetti, found in 2018.

in 2013 is a $6 billion company with 164 employees.

And then there's a bunch more that are that have gone out more recently,

some as low as 600 million, some is out of date.

Regetti is five point.

Oh, it's sold off.

$5.3 billion.

Okay.

Well, people are rotating into tech companies, potentially.

Infliction was founded in 2007.

A lot of volatility.

Rigetti is up 23% in the last month.

It's down 11% in the last.

Five days.

Yeah.

And down three percent.

So they are going out via SPACs.

Quantum computing promises to leverage.

Here you go.

The principles of quantum physics to solve problems far beyond the capabilities for today's

best supercomputers with applications across financial trading, drug development, shipping, logistics,

internet delivery, and internet delivery and aviation.

I'm waiting for Jane Street to take a big slice of one of these companies.

It has been in development for decades, both by Pure Play Quantum Company.

companies and tech giants like IBM, Google, Microsoft, and Amazon.

I mean, the big tech companies are pretty serious about it.

I remember when Satinadella went on Dorcasch first, like the reason that he went on the show

was to talk about their Majorana chip, their quantum computing efforts.

And then very quickly, Dorcasch was like, cool story, let's talk about AI, which was a great

interview.

It was like, I wanted to hear much more about the AI buildout, which became a very important

narrative and I think that interview aged very well, but the quantum computing stuff is just so,

so in between.

I don't know how we missed this yesterday, but the Ancler is moving to a new publishing

platform created by Ben Thompson.

Are you going founder mode?

Oh, you're not familiar with Passport.

He's been building Passport for years.

I didn't know that was his company.

Yes.

And so.

I thought he was just like, got on it early.

No.

So the history with Ben Thompson is that he, he founded Straterectuary before Substack.

substack was very much like, let's put the Ben Thompson package in a box for everyone.

And I believe that Ben Thompson launched on WordPress and had to sort of build WordPress

plugins and custom style guides and do a lot to get Straterew.com into the place it is today,

which is from my perspective, a fantastic user experience.

Even when you need to log in, it just mails you a code.

It does all the modern user experience workflows to get you your dedicated podcast feed and your

emails and you can tweak everything. But he has since franchised it and gotten a number of other

a number of other creators on passport with, I believe, a different economic model. The only

criticism of passport is not a technology one. It's more about a network effects one. So substack is

known for being very good at recycling email subscribers. And so a lot of email newsletters have

life cycles. They sort of have churn rates. Some of them have smiling curves, but a lot of folks,

they come in, they test out one substack, and then they wind up saying, I'm not really opening this

one. They get unsubscribed, or they unsubscribe, or the list gets cleaned and they get pulled off.

And substack does a good job of sort of resurfacing, and there's these ranking lists, and there's,

oh, you signed up for this. Do you want to sign up for these other two newsletters? There's

bundles. There's a whole bunch of different ways to sort of like ensure that list growth is

happening at all times. And with Passport, I think it's a little more bring your own.

and Ben Thompson had a lot of success on that

when he was sharing links on Twitter

that would go majorly viral back when he started

and LinkedIn also drove a lot of traffic for him.

And so this could make a lot of sense for Ancler

if they have their own audience,

they have different funnels into the ecosystem

and they're less focused on being in the substack ecosystem

in particular.

I believe the Ancler covered us at one point.

We didn't interview with them, is that right?

We should have some folks from the Ancler on the show.

I would love to know more.

more about this decision and what it means for the business.

Also, just where they're taking the anchor is an interesting question.

But you're not alone.

A lot of people are confused and they were not familiar that passport is, in fact,

a platform that Ben Thompson has been building for a number of years.

And I guess recently they partnered with Automatic.

And so you can imagine automatic being able to put a huge amount of resources towards it.

I don't know exactly when they partnered.

But yeah, powerful do that.

We need to watch this Instagram reel of AI potentially taking the job of a very, very important member of the American ecosystem.

I won't say human, but let's watch this.

AI is going to take my job and it's a golden retriever looking at a robot.

AI will never take your job, golden retriever.

Stay strong.

You are irreplaceable.

no robot dog will ever take the job of a real dog.

But for certain people, I guess walking a robot dog,

feels like a stunt, feels like a prank, very funny.

But it is funny seeing the reaction of the dog

being like, that thing looks like me.

And I feel like there's a little bit of foreshadowing there

that when the humanoid start walking around,

you're going to see a lot of videos of people looking at the humanoids

with the exact same expression

that that golden retriever looked at that robot dog.

Anyway, we have our next guest.

Stefan Simkin from Squads is in the waiting room.


---


Let's bring him in to the TB bin Ultradem.

How are you doing?

I'm good, guys. How are you doing?

We're doing fantastically.

Welcome to the show.

Welcome.

Please introduce yourself in the company.

Great to meet you.

Excited to be on the show.

My name is Tapan. I'm the co-founder and CEO at Squads.

We're building stable coin infrastructure and all kinds of products that help businesses manage their stable coins and financial operations.

What is the key problem that you find most resonates with customers as you tell them?

Is it that they haven't even dipped their toe in the stable coin ecosystem?

They know that they can cut costs, reduce fees by jumping in, but it's too much of a hurdle and you can help them.

Or they're already neck deep in stable coins and they need you to help, you know, help them wait out of the swamp.

I'll give you a quick anecdote.

Please.

I don't know if I've told this on the show before, but

in 2021, I was building a company called Party Round that was a fundraising platform.

I don't think you mentioned that before on the show.

Well, I'm kidding.

Wait a second.

So I saw Stable Coins getting adoption.

I saw a bunch of companies that were starting to raise money with Stable Coins,

because if you had, let's say, international investor,

it was much easier to just send Staples than deal with international wires in certain circumstances.

And one of our customers was a,

crypto company that had a multi-billion dollar valuation, hundreds of employees. And when they were

onboarding, I was like, do you want to toggle on support for stable coins? Because I know you're a

crypto company. A lot of your investors are relatively crypto-native. There's probably some of them that

would like to fund their investment with stablecoins. And they said to me, no, we don't want to do that.

It's too difficult to deal with stable coins. Like once we have them, we'd prefer to just get

dollars. And it was a funny moment because, for a lot of reasons, but part of it was because

infrastructure like what you're building and talking about today wasn't where it wasn't really,

hadn't progressed very far back in 2021. So I think that's, we'll get back to a story in the

second. To give you kind of a sense of what we, what we've done up to up to now, for the first

arc of the company, we actually focused on infrastructure. We develop programmable wallets for

the Solano ecosystem. Today we secure about 10 billion in assets. And that was a very crypto-native

product where we focused on very crypto-native problems of those kind of large organizations

exploring the digital asset space. And then through that experience, we actually saw

stable coins start to take this kind of like center stage in the way they run their financial

operations. And that's what kind of allowed us to be a little early to stable coins because

we're deeply in it. And we saw real businesses starting to adopt us, even though they were

kind of early crypto-native teams. And I think a lot has happened in

the last couple of years where essentially programmable blockchains are now secure, reliable,

resilient and actually great to build on. And they, you know, for the most part, solve settlement

and ledgering that in the normal kind of fintech context you have to either build in house

or run from someone else. And you have stable coins that are now much more mature, right? The

stable coin market gap is way above 300 billion at this point. And I think that is also building

a lot of confidence with obviously the regulators and the broader market. And then I think

we generally got better at building

crypto products at stable coin

focused products. And today our

thesis with our new product altitude

is really that you don't need a bank account anymore, right?

You essentially can rely on

programmable blockchain, stable coins, and

wallets to run your entire financial operations.

And one of the major things that actually happened

in the last couple years, that was the big

kind of missing piece when we started the company

was this idea of if I hold a stable coin in my wallet,

how can I reliably pay a third party via

ACH or via SEPA, right? How can I connect

to the banking system if I still need to,

while obviously, if I want to sell through stable coins,

I can do that instantly for $20 for $7 and free.

And that was really the orchestration ecosystem

that came in the last couple of years to market,

companies like Bridge that was acquired by Stripe,

which essentially step into this system

and exist in the middle between a company like ours

that is providing this product experience

in this underlying crypto infrastructure

and the banking system and saying,

we're going to take the stable coins

and convert them to Fiat,

wherever that needs to happen.

And there's actually an explosion in that market right now, right?

You have a lot of these local orchestrators.

You have kind of the more global ones, the bigger ones.

And that was the missing link for us to say, okay, now the stack is here, and we can

actually build financial services in a very different way.

And that also was already incredibly exciting to us internally.

And then the agentic component came in as well, right?

And we sort of realized that once you have the stack where every layer is naturally programmable,

right, from the settlement layer to the account layer, to the money itself, obviously it's a great

place to start integrating agents and getting to the world where you have end-to-end

authentic automations where essentially you as a customer as a business need to do less and less

over time. Do you use the forward deployed model at all? Like when you're working with a company,

is it high stakes enough that you'll actually go on site with someone from your team or do you want

to be just fully self-serve? Like is there a trade-off in your mind here? How have you thought about it?

I think today we work with all types of customers, right?

Customers that already have a majority or some part of their balance sheet and stable coins

or companies that are completely new to the space.

So that, you know, it really depends on who we're actually trying to onboard, right?

If it's a more crypto-native customer, they usually know what we're doing and they're very

comfortable with stable coins already, but also the product experience doesn't really impose

any crypto knowledge, right?

Like it feels like you're onboarding to, you know, a traditional business account, but a lot

of the infrastructure under the hood already

is powered by stable coins and then you can obviously

connect to stable coin rails and make stable coin payments.

So we do forward deployed when it's required,

right? And I would say today we primarily focus

on startups, SMBs,

and kind of companies that are

between sort of 10 to 50 people

in size, right? And so that really

allows us to like forward deployed

is much easier because you in most cases

talk to people who are decision makers who actually are going to

be running the account and interacting

with all the primitives that we're building. And so

I guess the answer is it depends. But

I would also say that over time,

and businesses become much more familiar with stable coins.

And so I think our job is becoming much easier as we go.

Okay, so breakdown, if somebody's keeping the majority of their assets,

what they might keep in a traditional bank account with you,

and then they want to run payroll or they need corporate cards to pay for software,

what happens then?

So the way it works, at this point, the ecosystem is mature enough where we're able to facilitate all of this through a stable coin balance, right?

So you can either top up your deal balance or, you know, rippling balance from a stable coin balance in Alstreet account via ACH in traditional rails.

A lot of these providers actually already accept stablecoin payins, right?

So you can actually top up in use DC directly without ever going into Fiat.

And then from a perspective of issuing cards, it's a massive market already in crypto where you have stable coin backed cards which allow you to spend directly from the stable coin balance.

There's a lot of companies in the space.

I think right now Stripe Sessions is happening as we speak where they're definitely going to talk about stable coin cards, which is a big focus for Stripe internally as well.

And so those two things specifically are definitely a reality.

I would say there's still limitations, right?

There's smaller things, for example, if you want to do ACH pool, that is still being worked on by a lot of the providers.

still spending kind of a lot more time trying to figure out what is the right structure to

actually make it happen because the idea is that you need to pull in stable coins from the

alt-to-the-counter account but then settle in fiat on the other end but also as more of these

vendors started up in stable-coins our life is becoming much easier. Security how I think

some people might might say like yeah working with my bank is a little bit annoying there's some

things that I don't like sometimes I have to go into the bank to you know physically

They back the ledger up on tape deck in a mountain, in a vault.

If they get hacked, they're going to set the ledger back to the way it was,

and, you know, crypto is a little bit different sometimes.

Security is a huge concern for the space since the beginning, right?

And I think solving that is paramount.

We actually started from a place where we, when we're building our infrastructure at squads,

it was all about security from the start, right?

Like, that's what we had to get good at, right?

And that's how we got to a place where today we are securing...

10 billion.

10 billion, yes.

And so that took us about four years to get to.

And it takes a lot of time to build that trust,

but also to build infrastructure that actually works

and it doesn't get hacked.

I think security, actually solving security

is not the hardest part.

It's balancing that with user experience, right?

It's like how can you combine these two problems

and have a customer that is able to stay in self-custody,

own their money, right?

Control their account and to end with their own keys.

Give them the security guarantees that they're expecting.

while also allowing them to stay, obviously, with a stable coin balance, right?

And so I think the way we solve it is we have a complex but kind of easy to explain system

where we have multiple smart accounts and essentially these programmable accounts deployed for each

customer where each individual signer on the accounts, every member on the sort of business level,

they have their own programmable account with granular controls and MFA they can set up, right?

And then the business account itself is a programmable object on the blockchain.

And there's actually a lot of benefits to kind of moving.

all of these layers onto the open and transparent system like a blockchain, because then

you can have very clear guarantees in math and code, right? Like, what is actually governing

the security of your assets? And I think when we talk to customers, right, a lot of it,

like a lot of the questions come up is like, how do I think about something that you guys are

building versus just using an FDIC insured bank account, right? And I think what we always talk

about with those customers is that the only reason FDIC exists is because your money is not

actually there, right? It's being fractionally reserved and it's being lent out somewhere.

and obviously you have this like, you know, off-chain ledger

where somebody is maintaining and making sure that, you know,

all the entries are correct.

And so I think transparency brings a lot of trust

and actually helps us to get the product to a place

where a lot more customers can be comfortable with it.

But obviously having the squads background

and building a lot of infrastructure that, you know,

Secures Billions today is definitely, you know, a big lover here as well.

Tell us about the round.

How much did you raise?

Who led the deal?

We raised 18 million.

Solana Ventures led the round.

started the company in 2020, building on Solana from day one.

And so for us, it's been a journey.

It's been a journey, exactly.

And we spent a lot of time with the Salana team,

and we obviously are very deep ingrained in the ecosystem.

And now with altitude, we're essentially using Solana

as this secure, programmable backend, right,

to deliver the experiences for businesses we want to deliver.

Also in the round, we have CoinBiss Ventures,

hon ventures that we have partnered for the first time last year.

And now they're continuing the involvement.

and then electric capital placeholder and a few others.

But yeah, we're really excited.

It's really, the round primarily is for accelerating altitude

and helping businesses move their operations onto stable coin rails.

But we're obviously continuing to do things in the crypto space

with squads multi-saint, which is our first and core product.

Fantastic.

Well, congrats on the round.

Thank you so much for taking the time to come to do with us.

Have a great rest of your day.

Talk to you soon.

Goodbye.

Thank you.

Up next, we have Kashi Gupta from High Touch.

He's the co-CEO-CEO.

with a massive round for AI-driven marketing agents.

I got to say, guys, you can't keep asking John to do that.

I had to...

How do you drink your diet?

I had to step away for a second because I was going to...

Well, our next guest is in the waiting room.


---


Let's bring them into the TVP and Ultradome.

How are you doing?

Welcome to the show.

Hey, Johnny.

Hey, John.

Thanks for having me.

Thanks for joining.

Uh, introduce the company, introduce yourself, and then tell us the news.

And I have a million questions here, so very excited to talk to you.

But, uh, uh, give us a little introduction first.

Sure.

Uh, Kashiya Shukta, co-founder and co-CEO of High Touch.

We built AI platform for marketers.

And today we're announcing our series D, which is $150 million at 2.75 hosts led by Goldman's

house.

2.75.

Absolutely massive.

Yes, sir.

I feel like, I don't know, I mean, fantastic category, fantastic industry, fantastic mega trend with AI.

This feels a little under the radar to me.

Like, what is the prehistory of the company?

Like, how have you built to this point so successfully?

Yeah, so we started in 2020.

For the past four years, we've helped marketers use data to personalize their market.

Now we're helping them use AI to actually build on brand content, such as ads and emails.

Okay.

So we believe and we know that we're only on-brand AI for marketers.

If you use Jembeinai, it will hallucinate things about your brand, whereas if you use high touch,

we will get everything about your brand cracks.

At what level do you want to operate at?

What level have you operated before?

Because a marketing team can be thinking about everything from like what podcast, the CEO,

should go on to a billboard campaign, to a Super Bowl ad, to like a micro-optimization in the Facebook algorithm

them or their Instagram ad delivery or creative, like where, and then you could dial really deep

into just one niche or vertical.

Like, how have you thought about right sizing and creating like a correct solution for the

marketer?

Yeah, so, I mean, marketing is very heterogeneous.

If you think about it, most marketers are spending their time on strategy and branding.

Yeah.

With AI, we now actually have kind of unlimited labor at our disposal.

So the bet is that a single marketer can now do the work of so many.

In the past, we were kind of stuck doing things like segmentation and like microscopic ads and emails.

Now with our AI platform, we're letting marketers think of new strategy, generate those images and try stuff in market very, very quickly.

So with high touch, the marketer can launch something like 100 campaigns in a week.

Get feedback on although and then launch new campaigns based on what's working and outworking.

Yeah.

You said images.

Are you doing video?

What's the status on AI video?

Video as well, especially UGC.

And UGC is working extremely well.

Yeah. And do you want to be model agnostic and then set up like a harness that make sure that everything's on brand?

Or do you want to train foundation models, diffusion models, image generation models, video generation models at some point.

Model agnostic. So we find right now that, for example, images 2.0 from touch, it takes me the best at skin.

Yeah. We use other models as Gemini as well. Yeah. And so as models get better, we want to make sure that our harness chooses the best model for each task.

And then there's also a world where you generate an image or a series of images with one model and then you animate them with a different model.

And there's a whole bunch of different or do text overlay or motion graphics with a different model or maybe, you know, puppeteer some actual code or like an Adobe tool.

Interesting.

Yeah.

How is the role of a, how is the role generally of a media buyer changing?

Obviously, hopefully they're using your tool and that's changing their workflow.

but it's interesting that it feels like media buying has always been like very high leverage.

Like somebody that's good at Facebook ads could manage 20 million of budget on one account,

40 million on another account.

Like they're very, very, very, it's just a very high leverage role.

Is it just helping them be better?

Do you think marketers in the future will be able to manage, you know, more spend or more accounts?

Like what are the different ways that it goes?

I think there's two main shifts.

So as you mentioned, Jordi, there's about, imagine AI's a 24-7 analyst that's helping you figure out your opportunities for improving your media spend, which channels do you spend more?

Is TikTok working better than Snapchat?

Those kinds of decisions now you can fully delegate to AI, and our platform enables that.

But the second and much more important trend, in my opinion, is that if you're a media buyer, you can only buy media against content that you have.

Most brands don't have

automated content.

They only have maybe like

50 to 100 pieces

of related content.

With AI,

you can now generate

unlimited amounts of content.

So, for example,

localizing to different languages,

doing different geographies.

A great example of this

is one of the top

marketplaces for home services

uses high touch.

And now they can do

different market

for owners

versus homeowners

versus renters.

And because they've kind of

now they have unlimited

content building

capability at their disposal,

That same media buyer can test all three against the market, see which one works against which demographic, and then optimize it internally.

Do you guys care about finding and eliminating, like, wasted spend that feels like a solution that there's kind of an interesting thing where, you know, let's say like, let's take meta platforms, for example, they want you to get good results in general so that you spend more money so that your business grows, so you can spend, you know, more money, et cetera.

et cetera, and have that flywheel.

But at the same time, if you're running an ad

and it's not performing well, like on a sort of like local level

or micro level, they don't really care that much

if you're spending in a way that's not super efficient.

And so maybe there's an opportunity to have like a platform

that kind of sits above that and says like,

hey, this is like to basically like turn off

and like try to identify ways to spend.

Is that part of what you guys are doing?

Is that something you would do in the future?

It's part of what we're doing.

and why we think we can do it uniquely is because all of the consumer brands we work with,

companies like DoorDash, Eritzia, and so on, have given us access to their customer data.

So we know which customers are actually converting, and we know the ground truth of whether

the ad is working or the media campaign is working.

That makes sense.

How do you think about your business model?

I mean, there's so many huge companies in the marketing industry, because if they're able to insert,

themselves in the pipeline of a billion dollar marketing budget.

It's very easy to justify spending millions of dollars on something that increases

performance by one or two percent.

At the same time, there's a lot of marketing tools out there that are just seat-based,

and they might give you a call and say, hey, you're pretty big.

Can we get some more money out of you, sell you some premium features?

But this seat-based pricing versus consumption-based performance-based pricing, like, how have

you geared the company for success?

Obviously, growth is fantastic.

and the company is very, you know, like the valuation is going up and you're raising money.

So I imagine that you've solved it, but how have you thought about solving it?

Yeah.

Transparently, any company that's still on C-based pricing is not looking forward to the rest of 20206.

We have never been on C-based pricing.

We've always charged our customers by the number of campaigns that we power.

And our belief is that with AI, our customers will be able to run significantly more campaigns.

And we really leave it up to the customer.

If you keep the campaign on, it must be working, and therefore you should pay us.

If you turn the campaign off, then something is so simple.

Yeah, that makes a ton of sense.

Well, how much did you raise?

I want to talk about the, do we already hit the gong?

I think we already did.

Do we already hit the gong?

Yeah.

It's been a big day.

We've wrung the gong a bunch of it.

The gong abuse today.

Well, congratulations.

Yeah, very, very, very.

Oh, the last question, because I've asked some other people in Martec this.

Are we headed to a future where every,

every ad that a customer sees is generated in real time on the fly.

And the example I always give is like,

historically advertisers would make one campaign,

they'd put it in a magazine, or they'd put it out of home,

or the Super Bowl, and they just knew they were gonna,

they had to make it, and a ton of people were gonna see it.

And then you get the era of like really, really precise targeting

and the explosion of meta platforms, and now you can be like,

I'm just gonna serve this ad to like 10, 10,000 people.

and then it feels like we're headed to a world where the creative is generated on the fly.

It's really just like meant for one individual person and that's only going to be possible

because you can just generate the creative like in real time on the fly based around that person's

unique interest or their purchase history or where they are, et cetera.

I think it's an exciting vision.

Will most content be AI generated in the future?

I believe so, yes.

Will it be one-to-one or on-the-fly time?

I think no.

And the reason for that is because most consumer brands of any scale

have to go through certain approval processes.

And the amount of trust people have in AI

still is not on a one-to-one level.

On the other hand, could it be...

You don't think AI can get superhuman?

You don't think it can be better than the best?

Well, so, but then at what point is it better

than the best creative director

and the best person that the best CMO

that actually approves the creative to go out?

out, right? Like, you could have multiple agents reviewing each other's work.

I think we share a vision. So I hope that we get there. And I think AI will come before

marketers do one-to-one with AI. But I do think that there is an appetite for this and that

the more like, I mean, the more practical way to make AI action use in marketing. So we

talked to pretty much every CMO there was all last year. Very few CMOs today are using AI

in market. You asked them.

why and it is because of this kind of framework process. So we believe the way to get AI to actually

work is to do one many, maybe one piece of content for every 10,000 or 100,000 consumers. Yeah. And then

over time, create more pieces of content. Very cool. Great, great having you on coming on the progress.

And we'll talk to you soon. Thank you. Have a good much. Bye. I want to pull up this post from

David Bazuki, friend of the show, uh, CEO of Roblox. He's

He says, we're on the verge of real-time, photo-realistic generation with what are called world models.

These require a fair amount of expensive compute, but costs will come down over time.

Today, these interactions are essentially real-time dreams.

They lack persistent, shared logic that turns a video into a multiplayer game or concert or classroom or the holodeck.

We believe the ultimate architecture for gaming in the holodeck is Roblox reality.

It's a hybrid architecture.

We've been talking about this for months.

I'm so excited.

It's here.

It's a hybrid engine that marries the structured data and logic of the Roblox engine and Roblox cloud

with the generative power of video world models.

The Roblox engine provides the underlying synchronized ground truth, the score, physics, multiplayer sync, etc.

While our video model acts as a super upsampler to layer on photorealistic detail,

we believe this will ultimately remove barriers to high fidelity creation.

And if you look at these videos, it makes so much sense.

Roblox has always been blocky, but style transfer is the most mature generative AI technology.

We all saw this during the studio Ghibli moment, take a cartoon, make it photo real.

Obviously, image generation is at an incredible place.

And so being able to do that at 60 frames a second with Roblox is just incredibly bullish for the amount of creativity that can go into this world.

I am extremely excited about this because Roblox has always felt like a kid.

kids game, it's always felt like it didn't deliver at the AAA level for so many of those

experiences. But now you're going to get the creativity of the Roblox ecosystem married with the

AAA graphics. Everyone demands. Yeah, I've always felt that Roblox was super well positioned as

it becomes easier and easier and easier to make games. And because they have the infrastructure,

they have the, they honestly, you know, in talking with David, he's talked about just how intense it is

to have the data center capacity to support the level of like concurrent

activity that they have on the platform.

Yeah.

And yeah, I'm very excited to see what they do.

Yeah, Roblox is doing well.

He's cooking.


---


Well, we have our next guest in the waiting room.

We have Dan from Firestorm.

He's the co-founder and CEO.

Dan, how are you doing?

How are you doing?

We're doing great.

Firestorm.

Take us through an introduction on yourself, the company.

If you do that like 10 more times, throw up this interview, please.

UAV Online, that's a good one.

We don't use that one enough.

Anyway, sorry, introduce yourself the company and what you're standing in front of.

Sure.

My name is Dan Meiji, and I am co-founder and CEO Firestorm.

We're based out of San Diego, about 150 people.

And our whole vision is to reinvent and transform how we build drones.

And what does that mean?

First, it starts with advanced manufacturing.

So a lot of the drones we buy as a country cost more than a Ferrari and you use them one time.

We think that's not economically feasible in the long run.

And then the second thing is you got to be able to move this manufacturing to the point of need.

And so behind me, you have a couple of our products, the Tempests, as well as the Excel, which I'm going to give you guys a tour of here in a couple of minutes.

That's awesome.

When did you start the company?

We started it in 22.

My background was I started a counter-UAS company in 2015.

Naval Special Warfare, the SEALs found us and took us to Iraq to fight ISIS

when a lot of the big prime solutions didn't work.

And I watched how ISIS was able to use off-the-shelf, low-cost drones,

to effectively fight us to a standstill until the counter-UAS systems came in.

And in the build-ups of the war in Ukraine, I was thinking,

why don't we have this type of technology?

and it started with, again,

rethinking the manufacturing process first,

and now it's evolved into actually moving the factory

closer to the battlefield.

So, I mean, it feels like the product is the factory,

but do you have a first-party drone design,

or do you want to purely partner on that side?

Someone else comes to you with their spec,

and then you modify your factory to be able to churn them out?

We do both, right?

But the intention for the beginning is to actually build the drones

you see behind us.

these are our designs.

And then we have a number of partnerships with like FPV providers that will show you inside

some of the most used drones in the war in Ukraine.

Now we're not using Chinese carbon fiber.

We're literally turning powder into the airframes.

And you can go do that anywhere.

And the other part of that, too, is to repair drones.

That's something no one talks about.

It's actually fixing stuff when it breaks in the field.

Yeah.

Yeah, that makes sense.

Well, I'd love to see what's inside one of those factories.

I'm interested in the types of machinery and materials that are going into this.

Can you take us inside? Does the camera move? Is that possible?

Oh, the camera moves. We have two humans moving it. Let's do it. Let's go inside.

Let's start here at the drum. I'm honestly a little disappointed. I was hoping it was a, it was a drone-based.

A drone flying it. I think with a fixed wing would be going way too fast.

I am not that good of a pilot, you know what I mean? So I don't want to like crash into anything.

So we design everything from modularity, right? This,

This whole airframe is 3D printed.

You have a rail that run through the drone

so you can put payloads in and out with ease

so something breaks or you want to change the mission on the go.

You have that ability to.

And then in the back, we have both a propeller variant

and then a jet variant that I'm going to show you over here.

And the whole idea is like add modularity

at every essence of the drone,

not just build something for one mission.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Okay, so come on into the Excel.

Okay.

The Excel.

So our whole adventure starts with this right here.

Yeah.

This is our build box.

Think of this is like your print cartridge.

Okay.

So this is on wheels, as you see.

And so you basically wheel this into the processing station, which is right here.

It slides right in.

Okay.

You then fill it up with powder from our new and our recycled powder.

So we're highly efficient.

right from a volume standpoint once the build box is full of powder you then push it into the printer

yeah and we have an exclusive arrangement with HP this is kind of the best in class um

industrial grade 3D printing like parts that come out of this machine are on f1 race cars

and if you want to have this printer in a mobile fashion you have to come to us that's kind of the

IP we've built around this right so this is a 20 foot shipping container and the sides full

down to then allow you to like, you know, have the workspace you have.

Sure.

So once it's done printing, you let it cool down, and then you put it back in gear,

and you're left with parts like this, right?

You suck the extra powder out.

Yep.

And then you take it into the second 20-foot shipping container that I'm going to show you

right now where you just simply blow these parts with powder.

I'm sorry, with air, and you have a finished part.

It looks like some post-apocalyptic, biosecurity safety.

Zombie apocalypse, I know where I'm going.

Exactly.

So literally, you just come in here.

Yep.

You blow air on the part.

Yep.

And you're done.

Wow.

And so what we use the second container for is actually assembly and R&D.

So I'll show you some of the other stuff besides our platforms we're making.

You were asking a minute ago about like other.

people's designs. So we have a partnership with a company called Orca. They're out of Croatia.

About 300,000 of these drones were delivered to the Ukrainians last year. We've gotten rid of all

the carbon fiber, which, you know, no one wants to talk about usually comes from China. And we've

replaced it with our powder-based solution. You can assemble this thing in 13 minutes. And if something

breaks, great. You just turn a new piece out and, you know, you do a new installation. And why is that

important guys. Because some of these drone companies, it's taking them three to four weeks to

deliver repair parts to the field. And that just means the system's basically unusable. So we started

as this mobile drone factory. We started sending this thing to bases around the country and overseas.

And then this is where the business got really, really interesting. You guys have talked a lot,

I'm sure, about the defense industrial base. Okay. And the amount of things the soldiers are telling us

they need that we're now printing, like, is incredible.

Yeah.

So this is an engine coolant tank, all right?

You should be able to go to Pet Boys and buy this.

This is a 10-month lead time product.

Wow.

That is absurd.

What kind of engine?

It goes on an LTV, so like a Marine Corps vehicle.

Like you think we would have these supplies, but the issue is that, one, OEMs have consolidated.

Two, no one wants to build kind of parts.

And so if you look at what the Trump administration has really spent a lot of time and energy talking about is this idea of right to repair.

We know that from the tech world, right?

Of course, like your iPhone.

But like now it's actually coming to the OD.

And we want to use the Excel not only to build drones, but to enable some of that repair stuff.

Right.

So one other one I'll tell you, and you'll love this one as a taxpayer in America.

This holds a GPS antenna, okay?

It sits right here.

Yeah.

It's on basically every ground vehicle in our military.

Sure.

It's really, really flimsy.

And if it breaks, the person who makes the antenna does not make this repair part.

So a bunch of Marines thought of this idea.

And so now you don't have to buy a brand new $2,500 antenna.

Yeah.

You simply print a $2 part.

Wow.

It's amazing.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

That's incredible.

So we'll come back out.

I love it.

Oh, there we go.

I love sound effects.

There we go. Look at this.

So that's it. Amazing.

Amazing. Tell us about the round. Tell us about the progress. How's it going there?

There's some news.

So we just raised $82 million, led by Washington Harbor, our Series 8.

There we go.

Congratulations.

Thank you.

Joined by on this capital.

Our friends at Liquidity, geodesic, the Motley Fool.


---


Like we have a lot of awesome investors joining us, but our big thing now is to take the Excel,

not only to like, you know, execute on the contracts we've won,

including most recently an App Fit contract for $30 million, but start taking the Excel overseas.

This is really going to support the U.S. and its allies, like, around the world.

Very, very cool.

Well, thank you so much for giving us the tour.

Thanks for coming to show.

Incredible tour.

These are not easy to pull off.

And you give us a great.

You appreciate it.

Have a great rest of your day.

It goes to the team that was carrying the camera.

I can't have you guys.

Yeah, great to meet you.

Have a great day.

We'll talk to you soon.

Goodbye.

See, boys.

Up next, we have Latinae from Robin Hood.

He's the co-founder and CEO.

Still at the helm.

What?

10, 12, 15 years in the mix?

How long have you been running Robin Hood these days?

Gosh, you guys are making me feel old.

Unk.

I'm still in my 30.

Okay.

For one more year.

Yeah, but 2015.

This year, getting, feeling older or reinvigorated?

Age of AI, lots of opportunity at the same time, pullbacks in various markets, stocks

up and down.

How are you feeling?

I'm feeling really good.

Okay.

I mean, yeah, on when we talk about the business, I think people have a tendency to be short-term

oriented and think about the ephemorality of this quarter, that quarter.

But the real story for me was we're making big investments.

We're continuing to invest in areas that matter.

And there's over $100 trillion moving from older generations to younger.

And so things like us being the sole initial trustee and broker powering Trump accounts,

which are going to put Robin in front of 60 million children, literally extending our market

from, you know, 18 and over to zero.

zero and over. We've got investments at all stages of the life cycle. Trump accounts very early.

We've got businesses that are scaling and doing quite well, like Robin Hood Banking and Robin Hood

Gold Card. And then the active trader business and the core engine of the business, which is people

depositing more money for investing and trading, is looking very, very strong as well.

And then that's not to mention we had a big product event in New York where we launched all of these family features as well as the platinum card.

But we've got a bunch of other products that are in the hopper that I think people are going to be very excited about.

I'm sure you're getting questions about the kids thing.

I love the idea of kids investing in index funds and holding them until their retirement.

Not big on them betting on sports or taking crazy options.

strategies, how are you thinking about actually rolling out the suite of features? Because there's

some that are just like so educational. I remember reading about Warren Buffett and learned so much

about investing. Of course, there's some risk. But then there's other products that are much more risk

on, much more advanced, stuff where you're much more like an investment professional to be able to do

that responsibly. How do you think about the different products being available to different segments

of the community now that Robin Hood's so big.

Yeah, I mean, I think we're very careful about leading with and incentivizing the products

that most customers would benefit from.

So if you actually look at what we incentivize, it's products like retirement, where you get a

3% contribution match on contributions that you make to your retirement account.

And I'm not aware of anyone doing it.

We were the first to do something like that, right?

And, you know, retirement's grown to $30 billion, north of $30 billion in assets.

In my opinion, and I admit that this is my product, but people should look at it.

I think that it's the best retirement offering on the market.

Robin Hood Strategies, which is our passive digital advisor offering, incredibly low cost.

For that one, you might remember we pioneered the concept of a cap.

So other investment advisor offerings, including digital advisors, charge you more, the more you invest.

And we thought, well, particularly for a digital advisor, you're kind of doing the same exact thing.

So why does it make sense to charge someone that has $10 million invested with you 10 times more than someone that has $1 million?

So he capped it at $250, so 0.25 percent, but capped at $100K.

And that's been the first of its kind.

So I think we do a really nice job on the passive products.

I think it's just that the active trading products where we compete and also do quite well tend to get more of the excitement and attention because it's not interesting to people to talk about, you know, saving money for retirement and having your assets passively managed digitally.

Yeah.

Joshua in the chat wants to know about getting action.

access to things like Korean stocks.

Oh.

What's going on with Korea?

How are you thinking about?

ADRs.

You know, you know, a lot of exciting international.

Computer stocks and AI stocks over in Korea.

I know.

Yeah, I think there's a couple of semis out in Korea that are interesting.

I think the great thing about our business is to some degree,

customers are always unsatisfied.

So this is the first time we're really hearing loud feedback about international stocks.

And it's because we're kind of going down the list.

And there's relatively few things that Robin Hood does not offer on par or better than our competitors.

So last quarter, we would hear about interest on options collateral.

For example, a lot of our active options traders would say, you know, we love trading options at Robin Hood.

The experience is great.

the costs are super low, but we'd like to get interest on the collateral that we have locked up like we do at other places.

And then we added that. And now, of course, nobody mentions that.

We've had a lot of, we have a lot of dividend investors.

And they had this complaint for a long time about how other brokers pay their dividends in the morning.

We do it in the evening.

And one of the things we unveiled, which I think is like super innovative, is we said, okay, we're not just going to go in the morning.

we're going to pay your dividends up to 17 days early on average.

So with dividends, I don't know if you guys are dividend housed,

but there's like a record date where if you own the stock on that date,

you get you're entitled to the dividend.

But the payout date is usually two to three weeks later.

So what happens during that period?

I mean, there's essentially no risk that you're not going to receive that dividends.

So we thought, why don't we just?

just go through it and make that easy for customers.

So now the dividend people are happy, except they want a dividend tracker, which we're building.

Okay.

So, yeah, you're going to get down to these things where, yeah, eventually the biggest complaint

will be connecting customers to the Kazakhstan markets.

And that's when we know we're doing really well.

But there's always more to be done.

Okay.

Take us through what's going on in crypto.

It's obviously showing up in the financials.

But I mean, we had someone on the show earlier who said it's down only.

Is this people rotating from crypto to AI?

That was talking about more specifically like the token, the K-shaped dynamic of the tokens.

But like it felt like there was a lot of legislation that was happening in crypto to sort of create smoother guardrails.

There were no big blowups.

It felt like some of the crazier more risk on behavior.

It sort of moved on.

And so it felt like a time when crypto could sort of.

just grow steadily and yet it seems like the the market's pulling back. Like how have you

processed it? How are you thinking about crypto both for your business and just as an abstract

asset class these days? Yeah, I mean, one of the things that I think one of the criticisms we get

is that, you know, Robin Hood is heavily to rely it on crypto and trades sort of like

correlated with BTC. Sure. Now, if you look at it.

at what's actually happened in the past year, we have an incredibly diversified business,

11 lines of business generating 100 million or more in annualized revenue. So crypto is a big

one for sure, but it's under 20% of our revenue. And we've got lots of other things that are

firing on all cylinders. And there's more in line. So it's 11 now, but Robin Hood Legend's been

doing super well. The gold credit card has been growing at a very rapid pace. So there's going to be

more. Now, when you look at crypto specifically, we're still very bullish on crypto assets over the

long run. But as you can tell, there are cycles in the market. There's periods where, you know,

we're just talking about crypto. Then there's periods that are a little bit colder and more wintrous.

but developers are developing and we're continuing to build and invest.

And we see some very positive things.

Now, our focus on crypto is actually investing in the technology and making it so that

traditional assets are tokenized on chain.

So it's a little bit less like what's the new meme coin that we can list, although we do love

our meme coins, and more, how can we actually make tokenization a real thing?

And I outlined kind of a three-phase plan in our event in France about how first we're going to start tokenizing stocks in a limited fashion.

And it'll look somewhat similar to what's available in traditional markets, but in Europe.

But eventually, you'll get to bully on chain, defy-enabled stock tokens that are composable.

And we're still executing on that vision.

As a matter of fact, Robin Hood Chain launched on TestNet, and it was a very successful

test net with something north of 100 million in transactions.

So developers are obviously very keen to integrate into the ecosystem and get access

to the Robin Hood customer base.

So we're continuing to make investments across the full stack.

Centralized Exchange, defy with Robin Hood Chain, the non-custodial wallet, which I think

people are sleeping on, but I think we've got really, really good stuff there. And we announced an

event in London in early July, where we're going to kind of unveil the next chapter with a

heavy emphasis on tokenization. Yeah, I want to talk about these events because I feel like you have

one of the most, I don't know, unique or diverse aesthetics for your events. I've seen you do sort of like

the post game with a step and repeat, like it's a NBA game.

And then the aesthetics for the France event was like this giant pool and everyone's in white

suits.

Like, is this coming from you?

Like, who's driving this?

Like, what is the meaning behind all the different stylistic touches?

Like, it's cool.

There's a whole bunch of different directions you're going.

Is this something you want to continue to experiment with?

Is it like a creative outlet for you?

Like, how are you thinking about events?

Well, you guys have to watch.

You mentioned some good ones.

but the last one we did at the TWA terminal in New York,

which was pilot themed.

Yeah, that's cool.

I thought was quite good as well.

So you want to do a different theme every year maybe or every quarter?

Is that the idea?

Do you come up with the themes or do you have a team that's submitting ideas?

How does that work?

I mean, it's a collaborative process,

but I've been generally coming up with and at least approving and editing the themes.

I love it.

I love it.

I love it.

No, it should.

I mean, it's fun to bring the CEO's personality.

I think it's hard to do strange stuff without, you know, the CEO kind of driving it at least to some degree, right?

And I think that's the risk with corporate events.

They could end up, if you're not being careful, looking like crappier versions of original Apple events.

And I think admittedly, that's kind of how we started.

Our first event was Q1 of 2024, where we unveiled the gold card.

And it sort of was heavily inspired by the Apple events.

But then we asked ourselves, you know, it's time to grow beyond that.

Let's sort of like learn from the masters, but then we've got to push the frontier.

So I think that what we ask ourselves is we want to roll out these products,

but how can we roll them out in a way that's super engaging and sort of like imbues storytelling and craftsmanship into

the actual announcements.

So the last one, the New York event, was viewed over 60 million times.

I mean, the numbers were just shocking to me.

60 million, if you look at it across X and YouTube.

I mean, that's more than most movies.

That's wild.

How do you think LLMs are changing retail investor behavior?

Yeah, I mean, I think there's three different ways that actually

AI advances affect Robin Hood, which I think is more than most companies. And we're kind of

working hard to lead in all three. So number one, it's just the stuff that we're doing

internally, accelerating software engineering, automating customer support. And we were early

onto this. And we've actually built a lot of our own internal tooling because third-party

stuff hasn't quite caught up even now. The second is Robin Hood Cortex.

and AI tooling inside our product.

So one of the things I announced at earnings

is that Robin Hood Cortex,

which is our AI family of products,

has now been used by nearly one million customers.

And that's growing very, very quickly.

And we just rolled out Cortex Assistant,

which is essentially AI chatbot

that has full context into your account

and financial data in your Robinhood app.

And obviously, the next step is,

can we take some of these ClaudeCode-esque,

agentic capabilities and empower all sorts of financial trading and in other use cases.

So we're working on that.

I don't think anyone in financial services has really cracked that.

There have been some early experiments, but I think we've got some good stuff to share there.

And that's going to be all year.

Starting next month, I think we're going to roll out some of these agentic capabilities.

But then there's a third one.

Okay.

You guys probably saw, I know, I know congratulations on the Open AI deal, by the way.

Robin Hood Ventures, which I've been talking to you about since the beginning invested in Open AI.

Yes.

Yes.

Amazing.

So now Robin Hood Ventures is like live, one public, yeah.

The Kretz who grows.

I love it.

Every company.

This may be a silly question, but you're a good person to answer it.

why did Microsoft meta, Google, and Amazon,

why do they end up all having earnings within two hours?

Like you would think,

you would think that you would say like,

hey, these companies represent 20% of the S&S.

I want my special day.

I'll go on Monday.

Yeah, you want the attention.

You announced earnings today.

Yeah.

Why not, why not, why not give everybody their own kind of moment?

Yeah.

I mean, I could speak for my,

myself and how we do it. We do not coordinate with other companies on when to do our earnings.

I mean, it's just kind of driven by, right, there's a certain window that you can do it after

the quarter ends. And it's sort of like availability, right? You don't want to do it on a Monday.

You don't really want to do it on a Friday. So it kind of has to be Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.

And so you think the hypers were kind of all in the same window, but they're like, let's jump together.

Like we're going to rate, we're going to raise.

I would be surprised if there was any sort of collusion involved, but maybe they were all juggling the same conferences or anything or something.

Yeah.

There are a surprising amount of questions in the chat about the gold card.

I want to know both how it's going.

And I want to know, is it a, like, how unfair is it to characterize it as a marketing project?

How good of a business is it?

How good of a business will it be?

How important is it to the overall ecosystem?

Yeah, it's a strong business.

So right now, we've got 800,000 gold card holders currently, and they're generating

something around $15 billion in annual transaction volume, right, ATV.

So it's a scaled, like, large offering.

The reason you're hearing so much noise about it is that pretty much everyone in the

the country wants this credit card. It's by far the best deal, 3% cashback on all categories.

That's why people want it. It's like the best cashback coupled with what I think is the best

customer experience. And so we're getting a little bit of criticism about can we be rolling it

out faster. But if you look at the rollout, it's sort of like on par with the fastest rollouts

of other successful credit cards in history. If you look at the companies that are

have rolled out faster than us, and we have to make sure we monitor credit quality and all

of these things, the ones that have rolled out faster than us have not been responsible and

have run into trouble.

So I think we're balancing two things.

We want to roll it out as fast as possible while also staying responsible.

So certainly we will cross 1 million card holders this year and 100 million in ARR.

we'll probably do it well before the end of the year as well.

So were there any other incentives that were at the top of the list for you where you thought

it might be interesting.

Like the classic, you know, credit card is like you get airline miles, travel.

And that, even if it's a lower percentage, it's a worse economic deal, it lends itself

to great marketing because Visa is this abstract thing or AMX is an abstract thing.

But then they show you a picture of you getting on a business class flight,

going to Hawaii, staying at a five-star hotel, and it's like, this can all be free. And it's like,

you could just pay for that with 3% cash back. But it allows more storytelling. Was there anything

else that you were like, ah, that might be an interesting twist? Or was it just like pure economic

value? Well, the gold card is a simple daily driver product. And the whole point is you don't have

to think too hard about maximizing your rewards, which I think is really attractive.

because for a lot of people who aren't like super points optimizers,

they want to just know that they're getting a good deal

and that they have a nice card,

but probably not, you know, spend time on the points guy and compare.

There are people that we want to serve that are in that latter category,

which is why we unfailed the platinum card at the take flight event.

So that's a more premium card, 695 annual fee made of pure,

pure platinum.

So it has pure platinum in there.

It's one of the heaviest cards.

And that one is a little bit different.

So you get 5% back on dining,

which I think I haven't seen a better deal

for restaurants out there.

And we've really been getting good feedback

on the wellness benefits.

So there was some criticism

that I should own up to

after our announcement.

And by the way, our announcement,

it was like the headline.

It was intended to be the appetizer, but so many people got excited about the platinum card that, you know, the waitless signups greatly exceeded our expectations there.

But some people were saying, you know, maybe it's a little bit complicated. It's a little bit too coupony.

And so our team's been hard at work fixing all of that. So actually, even though people were excited, we're going to come back to them with something better ahead of rollout that fixes a lot of the concerns.

So is there is there a card in the pipeline that goes above?

Are you going to do the tungsten card?

For our crypto friends.

Maybe.

Yeah, the tungsten cube.

That was very popular for a while.

There's something there.

Yeah, it's been considered and we've been thinking about a black card.

Yeah.

So yeah, not it's not like actively in the works.

Carbon nanotubes in the card or something.

I don't know.

You got to get funky with the materials for sure.

There's so much to explore.

We've had some ideas for sure.

Yeah.

Yeah, we have some good, like we know the design of it.

I think the question just is let's digest gold, roll that out fully.

Let's digest platinum.

And then I think we'll see.

We can go in both directions, both like sort of like a more basic starter card and as well as there's always more room at the top.

The whole pipe.

I would like the mahogany card.

The mahogany card would be good.

Yeah.

A wooden card, maybe.

A nice valour card.

Valour.

Well, anything else, Jordy?

No, this is great.

Thank you so much for taking the time.

Congratulations on the progress.

Good to see you.

All the different initiatives you have going on.

Look forward to talking to you soon.

Have a great rest of your day.

Thanks, guys. Goodbye.

See you, Jordy.

Great.

Later.

Q1 earnings is in.

All in one place.

Brandon Grell has the data.

I was trying to bring in Andrew Reed.

Okay.

I was trying to bring in Andrew Reed with their buddies, but it didn't work.

Well, there's some, there are a bunch of, yeah, we can bring in our next guest soon.

Run through, run through earnings.

But Google's up big, meta's down big, Amazon's down a bit, Microsoft's down a bit,

but it seems like performance was strong across the board earnings per revenue.

Let's do revenue.

Microsoft, 82 billion, 81 was the estimate.

Meta, 56.3 billion, 55.4 billion was the estimate.

Google, 109.9 billion was the revenue.

107.2 billion was the estimate.

And for Amazon, 1801.5 billion against 177 estimates.

So beats across the board, but various levels of expectations.

We'll be digging into the CAPEX numbers and all those other downstream metrics that we

discussed at the top of the show.


---


But we have our next guests in the waiting room.

We have Prague-Agrawall.

And I believe we have Andrew Reed as well.

Welcome to the show.

How you guys doing?

What's going on?

Thank you so much for taking the time.

Let's kick it off with what you got done this week.

We got Andrew Reid on the board.

Let's go.

Let's go.

Very, very, very, very, very good.

Yeah, how'd the deal come together?

What's the thesis?

What's the update?

What's the progress like?

Sort of reintroduce the shape of the company.

John Jody, great to be here again.

I don't know, last time I was here, we were building, we're talking about this abstract notion of AI agents using the web and wanting to put web infrastructure so that agents can use the web.

Yeah.

Right.

And it's been six months.

Yeah.

And the agents have shown up.

Yeah.

100%.

And these agents are using the web.

Yeah.

And we've built a bunch of technology and product types it in the last six months.

We only launched the product in August, and we're seeing agents use the web to do useful things for people.

Yeah.

And useful things for businesses.

And really, I don't know how many agencies you use, but like this year, the breadth of customers, the quality of customers, the variety of use cases, they've all exploded well beyond our wildest imaginations.

Yeah.

Maybe we should start with, you know, the key things.

just go around and say how many Mac minis we all have.

I personally have 20 running right now.

John, I know, has 15.

I have a single one, single Mac mini, barely doing anything.

No, I'm interested to know about just, well, two main things, but let's start with the first.

In terms of just like robots.t.xti, how much of the internet can be seen by agents,

is this a wall of some sort?

We've seen different reports about different organizations with content on the internet, having different policies.

And is, our customers coming to you saying, like, I want to be a good actor, and so I don't want to violate any of the Robox.TxD agreements, even though they are not necessarily legally binding in every scenario, as I understand it.

But is seeing the entire web, being able to do everything across the web, a unique value proposition in this day and age?

It will be right. If you think about it, here there's a lot more content on the open web.

I think more recently as people have started worrying about like agents sort of stealing their content.

Yeah.

Certainly a fear and perhaps a trend in some pockets to put content behind.

Yeah.

Wals.

Yeah.

Whether it be via robots.com text or some sort of a blocker.

Yeah.

Like that is a legitimate fear.

Yeah.

And see some of it happen.

we actually started the company to in part solve the problem.

The common thread from my work at Twitter through this company was to incentivize more content to be out in the open for everyone to see and use.

So we've also been working with people, content owners, publishers who publish on the web to effectively align incentives of theirs for the world of AIs.

So when we talk about rebuilding the web for AI, it's not just about building technology to serve people building AI solutions.

It is also to empower content owners and publishers to actually have sustainable, real, awesome, fast-growing businesses that share in the value that they help create via AIs.

And we'll have more to share, perhaps, and we'll be back to talk about it now.

Yeah.

How are you thinking about the various modes?

He's vague posting on the show.

He's big posting live.

I'm not special for another in light.

How are you thinking about the various modalities with which to interact with internet resources?

Like we have APIs, we have web front ends, agents can use both.

There's MCP servers.

There's potential for an MCB standard that's, you know, metered with stable coins or even just credit card payments.

There's, there are solutions to every different end point.

Some of them require more RL and training.

Like, are you, do you see any of them as a point of differentiation?

Or you want to be like the best for setting up an API integration just on the fly seamlessly

so you can get the action done?

Do you want to just be able to deal with any front end, no matter how janky it is from the,

maybe they haven't updated their website since 1995.

It still works.

Maybe it's using some crazy front end framework.

It still works because you're really good at agentically interacting with the UI.

Yeah, no, I think so a few different things here, right?

Number one, you do have to take websites or content published for every era

and allow agents to access them.

So a bunch of the heavy lifting we do is to enable that to happen today.

Additionally, though, none of those are the most efficient ways of doing things, right?

And ultimately, the world wants to move towards more efficient solutions.

because that allows you to do more and do better.

And so we built a bunch of things where content owners can provide data more efficiently.

People saw LLMF dot text get around a little bit.

Very small part of the web uses it, but we translate the entire web to make it easier for agents to use it.

Now, in terms of APIs and MCPs and whether you pay for an API with a traditional credit card in an account or user,

a crypto protocol, whether it's the X-4-2, tempo,

these are all, all of these things make sense, right?

They make sense for different customers,

for different agents and different contexts.

And really, the way we think about

solving the problem is we're building essentially

an infrastructure layer,

even if you look at our product suite,

it is very, very, it exposes various layers

of our technology stack.

We're building this vertically integrated technology stack,

of first principles way of crawling the web,

indexing the web, ranking the web,

building agents on top of it,

building proactive agents on top of it,

and exposing all of these things as APIs and MCP servers

and as CLIs,

because different customer needs and different customer problems

and different customer circumstances

demand slightly different solutions.

It's like AWS exposing a VM

versus a managed service to run compute

versus an even higher level abstraction to run serverless.

And it's the same that shows up in this infra environment of using the web.

What companies would be crazy to not sign up for the service today?

If you're using an LLM and are not trying to get it to forget everything that's out on the web,

you should totally be using us.

And the answer, it's like it's not complicated because...

Everyone.

Yeah, and it's not complicated because if you think of like any products that you use which are powered by LLMs or agents,

you have this mental model now that they are both smart and all knowing.

And if you don't give them the best access to all of the live, fresh content on the web and all of the long tail content on the web.

Like that illusion of allowing goes away.

And so you kind of are forced like initially.

AgyPT, we're all in love with it, did not have web.

Now, try to turn the web off for a day in whatever agentic product.

It's not going to work.

Coding agents, we all used to use them without, they used to not call the web.

I don't know if you remember, but I used to like paste and dock links for it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

It used to, like, export PDFs and then, like, upload the PDF from the website that you wanted to add extra context into the context window.

Now you just assume that it knows everything.

It's crazy.

a year ago. That was a year ago. And today, you're going to feel like a caveman doing that.

Okay. We have to talk to Andrew because the chat is calling you a silent partner.

They're saying nothing for my end. Thanks. I want to know, did the progress here with this company,

did you expect it or did it hit you like a flashbang?

Talk me through your journey.

I want you to take that one too.

Okay. No, no, no.

First off, allow me to insert myself.

Please.

Since the last time I was on TV,

when you guys started going down the deep AI infrastructure rabbit hole,

this show changed and I'm unprepared.

So the anxiety level increased quite a bit.

And the good is I've been in some conversations with Parag,

with other people who are like crazy, deep on web infra.

And however deep, however,

deep John can go, I think Parah can go even deeper. So I feel good about that. Good. Yeah, first off,

I'm delighted to be on the show with my newest award and it's an incredibly exciting company.

Honestly, I think like many of our most interesting investments, like when you start seeing a

bunch of portfolio companies adopting the same product and also in these high growth areas,

You see background agents and long-horizon agents out in the wild to a certain degree.

But then you have the board meetings where you see all the prototypes and the products people are planning on launching the rest of this year.

Sure.

And I think the idea of agents going from something that runs locally and has very limited access to something that runs in the background all the time and has basically a full workspace.

And then you think about all the albums of knowledge work and how they overlap.

with the web in terms of things changing in the world to trigger actions to the actions that

agents have to take in the world. And then people viewing parallel as kind of core to what

they want to do is, you know, at some point, like, and obviously the growth rate is crazy,

so it's not that complicated. I like it. That always sounds. Ising on the cake. Yeah.

Is this a period of uncertainty in venture broadly around how certain markets will break,

where powers and moats will emerge?

Or do you think the smoke is cleared?

Do you think that it's actually pretty clear right now?

Well, they have that, Sequoia, they have the crystal ball.

You have the crystal ball?

I'll consult with that if they need to, if there is some fog of war, you know?

Yeah, I mean, there is a lens that's like, it's up only right now.

It's just such a big market that even the companies that aren't the hottest one day.

Yeah, you look at, you look at, you look at like, just like how you're processing the market right now.

You look at Kodgen and like a year ago, if you just backed the top like eight companies, you've done really well.

Yeah, I think, for us worth, the, you know, there is one sure thing, which at the data center built out, it's underway and, you know, what that's going to mean for token pricing and what's going to be possible.

And obviously, you know, the model improvements, et cetera.

It's interesting because I was watching Vlad before this and I remember interestingly, there's something similar with, you know, when I first went Prague, it was in Palo Alto, you know, internet celebrity, building something that looked like one company from the surface and then the further you got into it, you realize there's doing so much more than meets the eye, you know, and I remember with Robin Hood, you know, according to the internet, it was, you know, commission-free stock.

trading app, but they had just built this internal self-clearing system, the first one that had

been built in 30 years, I think, since Vanguard. And their willingness to tackle long-term,

very hard engineering problems to serve their needs and their customers' needs for a long

period of time was extremely unique in that industry. And it reminds me of parallel, like

just if you go spend time in the Palo Alto office and you see the stuff they're working on,

These are hardcore infrastructure engineering problems that are designed to serve both scalability, reliability,

speed, everything else, cost, needs, our customers a year or two from now.

And the world just doesn't quite see it yet.

And then also, like, I remember when Parag first mentioned, you know, agents are going to use

the web a thousand times more than humans.

And it, you know, you kind of roll your eyes because, like, that just seems ridiculous.

But then if you just actually look at the trends.

and just draw a line forward and imagine like what cloud agents are going to be and how they're going to overlap with knowledge work.

It actually is probably like an undershooting of the number.

Yeah, that's personally my bare case.

I'm expecting.

We're seeing like uptime problems with major pieces of web infrastructure because the demand's so high.

It's really showing up everywhere.

It's chip shortage, CPU shortage, so many different places.

And yeah, I mean, we saw early glimpses of it with, you know, certain just the number of queries a single deep research report would make or something like that.

So very, very exciting times.

And we appreciate you both coming on the show to break it down for us.

Great to see you.

I'm very, I'm very excited for your partnership.

And congratulations on the round.

We'll talk to you soon.

Cheers.

Thank you guys.

Goodbye.

Up next, we have Gabe from Rogo.

he's the founder and CEO

with a massive series D-E


---


raise. Let's bring in Gabe,

welcome back to the show. How are you doing?

What's up, guys? Thanks for having me.

Great to see you again.

Of course. Any time. Big news. Let's kick it off.

How much did you raise? I want to hit the gong.

160 million,

$2 billion dollar valuation.

Oh.

Fantastic.

Leave some valuation for the rest of them.

Sequoia Capital again.

I think we went three Sequoia companies.

This is the Sequoia show.

I guess right now.

But thrives in Kostla, J.B. Morgan, box group, Mantis, Jack Altman.

You got a whole crew, a murderer's row.

What's driving the growth?

Why are they putting more money in?

Why is the business working?

So this was led by Kleiner.

So it was new investors.

Mamu and Nadia, super excited to work with that whole team.

I mean, we're trying to transform finance.

And finances maybe the biggest knowledge work category on earth, 15% of GDP.

Sure.

We've seen crazy uptake over the last six months.

I think what was happening in all of 2025

with software engineering and Claude

and Cursor taking off.

We've crossed the chasm in finance,

and I think we're seeing an investment bank's

private equity firm's hedge funds,

folks really starting to use these tools

to be more productive to make better investments

to reimagine how they do their work.

And that's driving the investment.

Yeah. I feel like if somebody woke up from a coma,

and they looked at your financials,

and they looked at your business,

they'd be like,

this is the most incredible investment.

I gotta write the check, right?

But then there is this looming cloud

of like AGI, ASI,

steamrolled by lab, right?

So are you grappling with that?

How do you talk to your investors

about like the defensibility,

the moats, the go-to-market motion?

Like what makes Rogo special

over the really long term?

Or are you just like AGI's fake?

I mean, I think if you're not grappling

with that stuff,

no matter who you are, you probably should be.

I don't care, even if your business is making plastic cups.

Things are going to change and you need to be prepared.

For us in particular, I think folks throw a lot of shade at the application layer.

And I think rightly so in some places, right?

If you can't provide incremental value to these models such that big enterprises want to work

with you and trust you to transform their businesses, you should not exist.

Right?

Like that, you know, it's a rising tide and it keeps you honest about what is the quality of what you're creating.

For us, we actually see there's structural reasons for a vertical player in finance.

One is that if you are the biggest investment bank on Earth,

you want to always be able to run the world's best models on top of your data,

on top of all your workflows.

And the reality right now is Claude is the model du jour,

but three months ago with Gemini, 12 months ago felt like Chachibh was indomitable.

Who knows what it will be in 12 months.

In 24 months, you might be able to use the Kimi models to do everything you want

and you don't need a token max on the frontier model labs

and you want someone whose incentive is aligned with your business incentives,

not just consuming tokens.

And so there's some structural advantages.

And then there's also things native to financial services

that are just very deep and complex, right?

Like financial services is a collection of niches,

each with their own regulation, their own data,

their own definition of good,

to think you can just have this big, generic tool

and do all of the work is a little bit nonsensical?

Yeah, you mentioned the thing on token maxing,

do you think it's possible that the application

layer emerges as like the

basically that the party that's aligned

to the end customer to

to keep costs in control

which like right now businesses are

are not caring around

token relate uh you know you starting

to see a few a few people

pop up and say like hey we spent

two three times as much

on tokens this month like did we get

two three times as much value that's starting

to happen in the last like call it

month but you can imagine

over time businesses will just care

you know, if tokens become a core expense to every business, which I would expect happens,

businesses will care a lot about optimizing that.

And so there's an opportunity for the application layer to be the aligned party that's saying,

like, the lab is not going to necessarily tell you, like, when you should use this other model.

But we will because, like, our incentives are aligned.

You're going to pay, like, you know, you can figure that.

in a number of ways.

Yeah.

No, I mean, in many ways, we can be a model broker and help you pick the best bottle

for the best task.

And that's, in fact, how one of our customers described us the other night.

And imagine being a huge firm, and you have, you know, the GM of a division comes

to you and says, I just hired, you know, $100 million worth of people over the past year.

You'd be like, and what did you guys get done?

Like, what needle did you move, right?

Like, when I saw Uber CTO saying we already went through our, you know, ClaudeCode budget,

it's like, okay, to what end?

You're going to need people that can align token consumption with business value.

And for us, maybe it's per deal.

Maybe it's per fairness committee memo.

Maybe it's per IC memo.

You can actually think about how do we make sure that we are supercharging the things that

are revenue generating for the org as opposed to anything else.

Yeah.

How do you think about de-duplication of work?

It feels like there's some organizations where you might have like two vibe-coded

dashboards that are identical and it's just repeat work.

But this has happened for generations, I'm sure, going back to investment banks, there's five people that built the same DCF, they should have used a template.

There were at one point templating companies.

I think Canalist was one that was focused on those financial models and trying to standardize them across the organization.

How much of what you do on top of the cherry on top is like change management, organizational design, education, making sure people are reaching for the most efficient.

tool for the job because the tool's changing like every week.

A ton.

I mean, a huge part of our value proposition is the kind of forward deployed banker motion

where we can go in and say, hey, what are, what is all the muscle memory you have on

how you do your work and how do we map that to what AI is capable of today?

But if you hire Accenture to do that or McKinsey or Bain, well, guess what happens?

You have to do it again in three months because the models are changing so quickly and you kind of

need to reinvent these processes on the fly.

Yeah.

The reason it's so important to an enterprise is, you know, imagine if Elon Musk was also the president.

I'm sure for self-driving would look different.

He would be able to change the traffic laws and design full self-driving to be far more efficient.

You can't do that.

So you need to design for existing traffic laws.

If you're a large enterprise, you can also change the traffic laws.

You can change how your organization is structured and thinking about integrating these models in far more kind of interesting pioneering ways.

But it takes thought partners to do that.

You have a sales team, right?

Like individuals that are working with large banks to deploy the product, set up the customer for success, correct?

Yep.

What does it take to succeed?

I'd be worried.

I don't know.

I just want to know, like, what does it take to succeed when you're hiring a sales rep?

Like, what background, what characteristics, what stands out where you're like, they're going to succeed here versus another company?

that's selling software or something.

What really jumps out to you to get a job?

Well, we do have this forward-deployed bank

or forward-deployed investor role

where we hire a ton of super smart, curious, ambitious folks

from Wall Street who want to get hands-on with the technology.

And because we have so much of that domain expertise,

you can actually pair someone like that

with a great enterprise seller that knows how to navigate

an organization, knows the politics of selling,

knows what it means to be a strategic AE, and, you know, they can work well together.

You do want people who are open-minded and curious and creative because it is changing so quickly.

But my mental model is it's very hard to, you know, what a good AE does is build relationships, right?

And now, you know, with these tools, they don't need to focus on building the decks or the analysis or the pricing schedules as much,

but they can spend more time taking clients to Nix games or, you know, whatever else might be productive.

And that's hard to replace.

That's why Josh Kushner bought the SF Giants.

How any any like rumblings around big financial institutions like changing their early career hiring

or the number of people that they're hiring?

Is it flat?

Is it down?

Is it up?

I mean, people are very interested in how they create the next generation of deal makers

and investors.

They're like, yeah, if you're not doing, you know, the modeling I used to do,

or the work that I used to do,

how are you going to learn the job?

I think every firm is rethinking

how do you have this pipeline of senior MDs,

of senior investors.

Because if you don't have any more juniors,

you are missing out on the folks

who will be revenue generating in five to 10 years.

I think there's a lot of thoughtfulness around that.

I think in terms of, you know,

thinking about the org as a whole,

these are super ambitious institutions

that want to win market share.

And if you say to them,

hey, a junior banker now can support four MDs instead of two,

and you can now hire more MDs and enter new markets and compete more aggressively with your peers.

That's typically the way these folks think.

But it's a spectrum.

Yeah, that makes sense.

Well, thank you so much.

Do you already anything else?

No, very cool.

Congrats on the round.

Thanks, guys.

I hear about Rogo every week from our friend Patrick O'Shaughnessy.

Oh, yeah.

Fantastic sponsorship.

He's been on an absolute tear.

He has.

Yeah.

Got to go tune in.

He's the man.

Well, thank you so much for coming up the show, Gabe.

Good to see you.

team. We'll talk to you later. Goodbye.

There's some good news. If you are a cow, if you're a cow and you're worried about privacy,

Google has your back. Google Maps specifically has your back because if you're caught and

you're if you're a cow on the side of the road and you're caught by one of the Google Street View cameras,

Google will blur your face out. If you're a cow, that's good. That's good policy. That's don't be evil in work.

Don't docks my cow.

And Cal, the account says thank you, Google Maps.

Anything else you want to touch on today.

No, I'm looking forward to you tomorrow.

Tune in 11 a.m. Pacific, Sharp.

Connor also is a latest adventure.

We'll dig into that later.

Have a great day, everyone.

Leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Sign up for our newsletter, TBPN.com.

We'll see you tomorrow.

Goodbye.

Cheers.