=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Le Chonk, Buffett Discovers YouTube, The Case Against AI Job Doom | Greg Fleming, TJ Parker, Joowon Kim, Rick Dungey, Dylan Field, Hardik Kabaria
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/le-chonk-buffett-discovers-youtube-the-case-against-ai-job-doom-greg-fleming-tj-parker-joowon-kim-rick-dungey-dylan-field-hardik-kabaria
Datum: 2026-10-07
Länge: ~150k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

TBPN Live - Le Chonk, Buffett Discovers YouTube, The Case Against AI Job Doom | Greg Fleming, TJ Parker, Joowon Kim, Rick Dungey, Dylan Field, Hardik Kabaria Transcript and Discussion

Home

Transcribe From URL

Pricing

Brand Intelligence

Podcasts

Categories

About

Contact

Submit Podcast

Single Podcast

Multiple/All Podcasts

Search through episodes of a specific podcast.

Select Podcast

Clear Selection

TBPN Live

Loading...

Basic Search

Advanced Search

Episode Title Search

Search Keywords

Exact Match

Date Filter (Optional)

No Date Filter

Before

After

Between

Search

Transcribe From Audio/Video Link

Home

TBPN Live

Le Chonk, Buffett Discovers YouTube, The Case Against AI Job Doom | Greg Fleming, TJ Parker, Joowon Kim, Rick Dungey, Dylan Field, Hardik Kabaria

Technology

Share

TBPN Live - Le Chonk, Buffett Discovers YouTube, The Case Against AI Job Doom | Greg Fleming, TJ Parker, Joowon Kim, Rick Dungey, Dylan Field, Hardik Kabaria

Episode Date: October 6, 2026

(05:10) - "Digger" Review (06:42) - AI Mods Run into Copyright Law (16:26) - The Case Against AI Job Doom (28:29) - Warren Buffett Discovers YouTube (35:08) - 𝕏 Timeline Reactions (49:42)

...

Read less

Transcript

Discussion

(0)

You're watching TBPN.

Today is Tuesday, October 6th, 2026.

We're live from the TBPN Ultradown, the Temple of Technology, the Fortress of Finance, the capital of capital, the capital.

Also, Christmas. How many days until Christmas? That's the question you've been answered asking.

That's the question on everyone's minds. We have the answer to.

day on the show. I believe it's 79 days until Christmas.

Is this new?

79 days until Christmas.

There we go. Get ready. There we go.

Thank you to the graphics team. And the great thing about this whole bit

is it will never get old for us. It really doesn't.

It's probably getting old for some of you and we're sorry. But

we just can't help but feel the Christmas spirit. Also,

you asked.

You asked for more Christmas.

We delivered.

You asked for more Christmas content.

We delivered.

Today on the show, we have Rick Dungy from the National Christmas Tree Association.

Let's give it up for Rick.

He's the executive director.

And he's going to break down the real Christmas tree industry, the official White House Christmas

tree, and trees for troops, all the different things that they're doing over at the National Christmas Tree Association.

The Road to Christmas broadly.

And we're also going to ask.

Christmas really is his Super Bowl.

Yeah, it is.

No, great show.

Great show for you, folks.

I was leafing through GQ this morning.

Tom Cruise is on the cover.

It's a good addition.

There's a funny anecdote in here that I wanted to share.

I got to find it.

But they got the whole Tom Cruise spread, lots of photos.

But they did a little back-and-forth interview with him.

We recognized that we are having some audio difficulties.

The team is working on.

fixing it. Let's test it with some soundboard. Did that work? Did that fix it? What about this?

Well, we'll talk through this and then we'll move on to other stories and hopefully the audio catches up by then.

He's a course bro. He dropped a course, a private course and we got to get access to this.

The question from the GQ interviewer, you have mentored a lot of younger actors. Glenn Powell has talked about watching a six

instructional video about screen acting that you made, right?

And Tom Cruise says it was very basic.

It was just something to have people understand,

just to have a different concept of lenses and what the lens is and what the frame is

just the same way as an actor, as an actor on stage.

Being a global superstar for dummies.

Yeah, basically.

He made a six hour.

That's a course.

He made a six hour video.

Just the same way as an actor on stage or in the development.

of cinema where it started and what that frame means and how it and how to understand that frame.

Thank you, Tim.

There's just different layers of storytelling of structure, but also to understand certain things

so that you can forget about it.

What else do you tell younger people, other people in your business?

I listen first.

What do they want?

It's not me.

I'm more interested in what are their goals.

What do they want?

And it's not just younger people.

This is me when I was a kid.

I'm going, what are you interested it?

And they say, really?

He said, yes, what is this movie about?

What is this?

There's a bunch of other fun things in here.

But I thought it was funny that there's a secret six-hour training video on how to be an actor

from Tom Cruise.

We got to get access to it.

I feel like there's a lot of journalists that they get documents, they scoop things, they

release things.

But I've never seen anyone just be like, I'm putting down 10 racks for whoever can bring me

the six-hour Tom Cruise video.

know. Yeah. I'm putting it behind a paywall. I'm going to monetize it, but there's a bounty

out. Like, Kevin Roos has the Dari Amadeh, a big blob of compute thesis from 2017, like this

leaked BDF, sort of on the scaling law and the bitter lesson, basically. And I've never seen a

journalist just be like, I know this document's out there. Like, Eric Newcomer should just be like,

bring me Founders Fund returns. I'll give you five grand if you got them, you know? Because

probably maths out at some point. Maybe more, maybe more. Yeah.

To risk your allocation in the next. Yeah, I suppose that that would

violate journalistic ethics to just put a bounty out for a document that

you know exists. I will bribe you. Yeah. For the truth. And it probably

really, like I was thinking about the

various leaks that go out. Like some of them violate NDAs, but

if they're, if they're secretive enough and they're squirled away

via signal, like they probably don't trace back. They probably

don't really trigger anything. Also, some of them just don't really matter.

They, you know, a company might not be that frustrated about a particular leak, if it makes

the company look good.

But, well, speaking, speaking of movies, the team saw movie yesterday. Ben, could we get a review?

Oh, you didn't go. Ben didn't, why, didn't come, yeah. Wow, Tyler, review. I saw it.

Who saw it? So we saw it. Nick, Nick said that he was starting to look at his phone after like

40 minutes. Wait, what? Nick did not enjoy it. I thought it was pretty good. So basically,

the reviews are really bad, right? Yeah.

And famously, well, not famously, but the box office is really bad.

Not all the reviews are bad.

I saw Mark Andreessen gave it a positive review.

He did, yeah.

And that was really one of the only, like, very positive reviews I saw.

But yeah, I think the budget was like $160 million.

First weekend, it was like $8 million.

It was like $8 million, yeah.

Pretty brutal.

I thought it was good.

It was very cool.

Like the framing of the movie.

Wow.

It's hard to, like, reveal too much.

I thought it was very cool.

Did you know a film school?

Like this critique is.

I thought it was...

I thought it was...

I don't want to spoil anything.

I don't want to spoil it anything.

What was cool about it?

The costumes?

Give us like a...

Just give us like 30 seconds of spoilers.

I'll bleep it out.

Okay, so basically...

The bleep working.

We're still working on that.

Want to change the world, raise capital,

I have the New York Stock Exchange.

Just do it.

Wait, so can he talk over the bleep, basically?

You can hear both.

We're working on a new feature.

The game decompilation thing is going strong.

Ben Thompson was writing about it in strategicity today.

There were some more knockout effects.

He took it in a very interesting legal direction about the implications of taking a video game,

decompiling it, doing whatever you want with it.

Obviously, IP licensers don't like that, but there's not a lot of things.

that you can do to control that.

And obviously, open source models are coming.

There's a bunch of interesting knock on effects.

I saw a really funny one.

They're getting funnier, these mashups.

I saw one where someone was playing NHL hockey in Resident Evil.

Did you see this one?

It was really such a good mashup because the guy's just like on ice skates and like flicking

pucks and zombies.

It was pretty good.

I was into it.

Again, probably not really something I want to play for five hours.

Will I watch the 30 second video of it?

Absolutely.

But, yeah, Polygon has been breaking this down.

If you've been on X over the last few days,

you probably notice that things have gotten very weird

when it comes to modded video games.

There are clips of Call of Duty operators

doing kickflips and other tricks from skate,

people playing Black Ops 1 zombie mode

and Skyram Miles Morales swinging through Gotham.

Here's another add to the list.

Someone has gotten the Xbox version of Halo,

Combat Evolve, running in a web browser

with multiplayer and split screen support.

And the other funny thing is that it's not,

they didn't, like, apparently the Halo community

doesn't like the PC release of Halo.

So they ported the Xbox version to the cloud browser.

It's like, you can really do anything you want now.

And so Ben Thompson goes on to describe a little bit of what's going on.

Games are written in human readable languages, C++.

Obviously, there's scripting languages on top of that.

But then they're compiled into machine,

It's executable by the processor that they're intended for, for Halo, that's X86.

You've always been able to disassemble machine code into assembly, because assembly maps almost

perfectly to machine code.

The difficult part, which takes humans years, is decompiling assembly to C or some human

readable language that then you can actually modify.

But LLMs are really good at that.

And so, is it legal?

Is it legal?

The story conflates two different AI capabilities.

the Fallout project appears to be a new game.

There's no Fallout New York,

although using the name Fallout is likely a trademark violation.

I think we were joking about the lawyers being really excited,

seeing all these going out because it means fall employment.

Decompiling is not in and of itself illegal.

Sega versus Accolade held that disassembling code is fair use

if it is the only way to reach unprotected functional elements

and there was a legitimate purpose.

and Sonyverse Connectics extended the same reasoning to reverse engineering the PlayStation's BIOS.

However, that is likely where protections end.

Code that is derived from decompiling is by definition very similar, if not identical,

to the original code, which is covered by copyright.

So even if you go and decompile a game and then you ship something that's like a mod,

you're going to get a DMCA notice, and this is already happening.

Like something will go up, it'll go viral, and then they'll get hit with a takedown notice.

this already happened?

Two hours later.

Exactly.

Is that me?

Or is that...

Getting hit with a copyright.

Two hours later, you'll get hit by...

Yeah, copyright.

So you'll have to take it down.

There's a couple interesting things.

So the actual value of these, like,

decompiled games,

mashups, pretty limited

because you basically just get a viral video

and you can't really monetize it

because you get the take down notice.

But the training rollout

for the AI labs,

like the training data that comes from, like,

having this fleet of like all these different game modders go and spend a bunch of tokens that they're basically paying for.

Maybe it's a little subsidized, but like they're basically paying for all this decompilation.

And then also the labs probably have RL environments for this type of work.

And then there's tools for this as well.

Means that I would expect like the next version of models that is trained on all the inference that's happening right now.

Because everyone right now in the game modding community is like, let me go pull.

GBT Astra and Opus 55 at whatever game binaries I can get.

So it's like, oh, I like Skyrim.

I like Minecraft.

Let's go decompile those.

But then they're also doing it with all the long tail.

So all of that's going into the next set of training data.

So you would imagine that the models get much better at video game development,

which is cool.

He also just talks about like how things will change over time,

similar to just similar to what's happened in video.

AI seems to exacerbate a lot of trends, including the shift to service-based games.

So he talks about, like, in a world where if you send someone a disc or you send someone

an executable binary, like they're just going to decompile it and be able to do whatever they want

with it, maybe you want to stream that game.

So you, this was, Google had an effort for this.

I forget what that was called.

It never really took off.

But Google had the ability to basically stream you a 1080p.

Google Stadia.

Stadia.

Stadia, that's right.

So they would stream you the video output, and you would stream them the controller input,

and the game would run on the server, so you never saw any code.

You just saw video coming back.

This is also how the META Quest Xbox Edition worked.

Oh, yeah.

You were streaming the game in.

That's right.

That's right.

And I think Xbox has stayed with the cloud gaming a little bit longer, but gamers have always

sort of pushed back on that.

I don't like the latency.

What if my Wi-Fi goes out?

I'm just trying to playing a single-player game, blah, blah, blah.

And so it's possible that this is something where the game industry comes together and they're like,

we really got to fight these hackers.

We got to hide our code behind more of a firewall, like that cloud streaming firewall.

Or it could be something that they just like embrace and go the IP protection route.

But yeah, to the extent it dooms AAA standalone games.

That is only because it accelerates what was already happening.

There's no reason to be sad, however.

the real intrigue about AI is not the fact that it can recreate.

What was already made is that it can create entirely new worlds and do so for the individual.

The real analogy might be video, but not Netflix, rather TikTok and Reels.

And the fact that everyone gets to choose their own adventure.

So you get to make your own video games in the future.

And this is definitely happening.

There's, whoa, they actually even took down the video of this one.

GTA5 in the browser for free B-Bomb posted this, play GTA5.

dot com got 8,600

likes and I have a screenshot

of it running but when we pull it

up, we're not live, that's the actual

tweet today. It says media

not displayed, not only did they take down

the website, but they took down the

images and the videos that were

shared on X.

That's pretty crazy. Hardcore.

Tenebrus gives some more context here.

This got taken down within hours

but it's starting now within a few

months instead of sketchy sites with pop-up

ads hosting Torrance of the latest A

AAA games. A few days post-release, we're going to have sites hosting fully playable,

Brees, WASM, I forget what WSAM? Web assembly versions. That's right.

Of AAA games, whole libraries of them there just to click, zero download required, zero risk

of viruses, zero effort or thought. I would call this an existential threat to the gaming

industry if it weren't for the fact that every input to previously 100 million to $200 million

dollar triple A games is effectively dropping by orders of magnitude and cost in time. Instead,

it's more of a Cambrian explosion. Yeah, it's hard to think that this doesn't go the way of

generated text where like people still care about the posts and where they come from, effectively

intellectual property. The instantiation of the actual product is less relevant than the story around

it and the people behind it. And the shelling point of like we're playing the same game.

Of course, people will do their individual stuff as well.

Codex is a powerful workspace for getting work done with AI agents,

whether you're writing code, analyzing data, creating content, automating business workflows.

Codex helps you move projects forward from start to finish.

Stretch this out.

What else we have going on, John?

Well, I am so glad to be past that subject.

Because you just don't like video games?

I had enough.

I had enough.

You had enough?

I had enough.

Two days in a row.

That's a final frontier.

Yeah, you're going to be able to race anywhere you want.

Mustafa is back.

You can be able to put your morning commute in a video game and try and get your lap time down to six minutes.

Do you think you could make it from Malibu to the Ultradem in six minutes?

Six minutes?

In a hypercar, an LMP2.

With the road cleared?

Yes.

I think it's...

No, it would actually be, it would actually be 15?

I assume you're going, like, 200 miles an hour on the fence, right?

Okay.

And you could find a pretty, you could find a pretty straight line.

Like there wouldn't be that.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, we'd be able to be hauling.

Yeah.

We should, we should, we'll do the math.

This is, this is what super intelligence is for.

Because your Nureberg ring time is already in the impressive category.

I think you got the raw skills to take it to the next level.

The 10 minute commute.

The 10 minute commute.

Turn your hour commute into 10 minutes.

It would be pretty, yeah, that's a fun game.

Anyway.

Mushstaffa says, coming in with a major white pill,

AI won't take your job anytime soon.

In 10 years, only 5% of what humans do will be replaced by AI.

Let's see what he has to say about that.

They're doing new media over at MAI.

The humanist review of AI, they made a magazine,

and they have a number of articles,

and they tapped MIT economist and Nobel laureate,

Nobel Prize winner in economics, Darren Isamoglu,

to write a piece about how AI will diffuse.

And it's interesting because in this one, it's a total white pill,

but then he was on 60 minutes,

and he's a little bit more blackpilled.

So we'll have to go back and forth.

I think it's the same guy?

Yeah.

Yeah, it's sort of an odd.

We'll have to reconcile this.

So let's see what Deroon Asimoglu says in the Humanist Review.

It's a longer piece, but Mustafa Suleiman summarized it here.

He said he argues that we need to stop building AI to replace people and start building it to make them better at their jobs.

52% of Americans are worried about AI's impact on their jobs.

The fear is overblown, and it's steering how we build AI.

I like the 48% of just confident people.

Like, good luck.

Good luck.

The type of work I do, yeah, I'm not in the training data.

I'm not, there's no oral environment for what I do.

AI isn't in the productivity statistics yet.

This was the famous line about the internet.

It shows up everywhere except the productivity statistics.

Most firms aren't, are, most firms using AI aren't seeing real gains yet.

expect roughly 1.5% added to GDP over 10 years, not a revolution.

Electricity took decades to spread.

The problem is like, so the problem is like going back to our conversation with Sean Frank

yesterday from Ridge.

This is a company that's over 10 years old right now, growing 50% this year, using AI across

the entire business from demand planning to creative to a number of.

of other things and the business is performing pretty much as well as it ever has the thing

is you AI is impacting the whole business in different ways in big ways and small ways but you can't

really pin it on you can't give AI credit for the growth because there's so many factors contributing

right new products push into retail all these different things yeah but it's but but but and I

I think you can still say that maybe most firms aren't using it to see real gains.

But when you say that electricity took decades to spread, I just don't view AI as it's not the kind of technology that takes a long time to spread when it works.

And that's because we can use the Internet, which pretty much everybody that's productive has access to to spread AI.

So already just a few bullet points in.

But the Nobel Prize winning economist has another example to push back on you with.

He says, if you don't like the electricity example, here's another one, speech recognition.

He said, turning speech into text has been an aspiration since the 1930s.

And this is a harder one to grapple with than electricity, because a lot of what was in place for AI is also in place.

a lot of the things that you're saying about why diffusion should be faster for AI was true for

speech recognition.

So people have been trying to do speech recognition.

You talk the computer types since the 1930s, going on 100 years of pursuing this.

It became a huge step closer to reality, thanks to the work by the American husband and wife team,

James and Janet Baker, starting in the 1980s when they founded,

the iconic company, Dragon Systems.

Dragon truly revolutionized voice recognition,

and it would not be an exaggeration to say

that everything else that has followed in voice recognition since then

is thanks to the bakers.

Their breakthrough was to eschew previous attempts

to build speech recognition systems based on syntax and meaning

and instead deploy machine learning techniques

in order to build a pure prediction system,

which would map speech onto the best.

match text. Already in

1997, the year Dragon launched

Dragon, naturally speaking,

the first program that was capable of

voice recognition from natural continuous

speech, the momentousness

of this was obvious. So in previous

software, including the previous

product from Dragon, Dragon Dictate,

you had to pause

in between each word to let it

process the gap between words.

You no longer needed to do that with Dragon

naturally speaking. This was 1997.

I can vouch for

for all of this because Darren Isamoglu, the writer, after developing repetitive strain injury in both arms in 97, he was an early user, even with the very slow processors of the time.

Dragon, naturally speaking, was like magic. It would score close to 95% accuracy. I didn't know at the time that I would be a user of their products for the next 30 years.

But what I immediately knew was that the processing power of computers improved. I could have access to much more powerful voice recognition.

information software, enabling me to carry out my work despite a continued inability to type.

By 2000, everything was going as I and others had predicted. The software had gotten better,

and with better computer chips, accuracy, and functionality were improving at a fast pace.

What nobody could predict was then the next two decades. Despite advances in the underlying

technology, consumers would see little of the gains, thanks to a series of corporate disasters.

Dragon was acquired in 2000 by a Belgian company, Lernout and HOSPi, that went bankrupt within

months of the purchase, with its co-founders later being found guilty of corporate fraud.

You hate to see that.

Let's hit him with the...

Nauty, nothing.

So Dragon was then purchased by Scamsoft, rebranded as Nuisance.

I actually worked for a startup in college that got acquired by Nuisance.

Very, very talented team over there, which progressively deprioritized the consumer in favor of medical and enterprise markets.

If you walk into a hospital today, you will see a lot.

a lot of doctors and nurses dictating notes,

even before the Whisper revolution that just recently happened.

Microsoft acquired nuance in 2022 and continued the same model.

The result voice recognition software on PCs today is only marginally better than what was available in 2000.

Far less progress than the underlying technology would have led me to expect.

This disappointing history lesson is one of the reasons why even greater curation is warranted when making predictions

about the fast diffusion of AI models today.

Breakthroughs in the infrastructure

of a new technology need to go hand in hand

with the right kinds of applications

built on this infrastructure.

And then, of course, you need the right marketing structure

to reach potential customer base

as well as inputs from consumers

to act as the impetus

for modifications and improvements of the applications.

This is what we are not seeing for AI.

This is what was completely bungled

for voice recognition.

What do you think?

A whole lot of mumbo-jumbo, John.

Okay. Let's move over to 60 minutes

It's because Darren Nesemoglu takes the other side of his own argument, arguing against himself with

Brendan Footee from McCur.

Job category on LinkedIn.

And just as machinists once replaced artisans, Brendan Foody insists he's creating a career of the future.

Out of work, fear not, come crane AI.

Literally all of the top 20 economists in America, they would say the exact same thing, which is that

there's going to be more jobs in 10 years than there are today.

You're a top economist in America.

Are they you? No. One of the greatest edits ever.

What we are living through with AI is unprecedented.

The first phase of the Industrial Revolution...

You're positive this is the same guy that...

Yes. Yeah.

Wait, I don't think these two things are incompatible.

Break it down for us.

So the article was...

Yeah, because he's saying 5%.

5% of the things humans do are at risk.

No, he's saying that right now, if we keep building AI,

same way, it will replace workers, but we need to build it a different way that empowers workers.

That's what the, like, the headline of the articles, will AI replace workers, not if we build it

right.

Okay.

We're saying, like, right now, on the course that we're doing right now, it's going to replace

workers.

Got it.

So we need to shift courses.

Okay.

Right.

That's what I take.

And his argument from an economic perspective is, like, that will actually increase productivity.

That will be better, not just because higher employment is good, but also higher economic

growth is good. So we should be trying to solve problems that cannot be solved by people right now

with AI as opposed to just displacing, yeah, you're just moving stuff around.

Totally.

Doing net new thing. Okay. I like that. I believe that's what he's saying. That's a pretty good

position. But that is such a funny edit. You're a top economist. What do you say? No.

unlock seamless real-time experiences and new value with Cisco.

And here's the thing.

Top economists have never been wrong on anything.

So, you know, literally 100% hit rate.

Yeah, you can find a take for anything.

Yeah.

Find the fast takeoff, the slow takeoff.

Never better summarized than by,

I believe it was the Financial Times,

not the economists that had the chart,

which was either things are going to go completely,

asymptotic upwards, completely asymptotic downwards, or completely the same, which is the best analysis possible.

I don't know. It does feel like it's a critical moment. There's been so many people building up to like 2027 is going to be the crazy year.

2026 is going to be the last normal year. Like something has to happen in 2027 that will answer a lot of the questions that have been being asked over the last five years, you know, since GPT.

basically, which is like RSI, super intelligence, serious, serious move on GDP, serious, like,

showing up in the statistics somewhere other than just debt.

But, I mean, at the same time, you see, like, weird things happening in financial markets,

like, gold is spiking, and, like, it's hard to put that on AI, but there's still, like, there's,

there's pockets of, like, okay, there's something odd happening that you might, in retrospect,

back a tribute to the AI boom.

Anyway, what do you think of Jeremy's take?

What agriculture did to our bodies AI will do to our brains make us stronger and taller?

I think he's being negative.

I think he's being negative.

Didn't it in some way make us, like, you know, weaker because we're, you know, consuming

more grains versus, you know.

Yeah, I mean, some agriculture made us a lot taller and stronger, but then made us fatter,

for sure.

Yeah.

Because we overconsume.

And so, yeah, if you're over-consuming information, it's brain rot, yeah.

But a good encapsulation of the thesis.

Really?

Is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agents deploy web app servers databases and more wall railway,

automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

Where do you want to go next, Rudy?

We got to talk about Warren Buffett because he's just like you.

He's just like you, folks.

A viewer's guide to Warren Buffett's nightly trips down the YouTube rabbit hole.

Glenn Close Clips, 1950s commercials, Uzbekistan's version of America's Got Talent.

The legendary investor can't resist the algorithm either.

Feeling guilty about spending hours each day watching YouTube, don't be.

Warren Buffett is right there with you.

Glenn Close Clips, commercials from the 1950s, Paul Anka Videos, the famed investor can't get enough.

Buffett enjoys speeches by complete unknowns.

He's a fan of Berkshire Hathaway's own content, too,

proud of how it performs on the video platform.

He watches it all nearly every evening,

usually from a recliner in his Omaha home.

Warren's range is broad, says Sharon Osberg,

a close friend and frequent viewing companion.

It can be the silliest things.

Buffett also goes down random rabbit holes,

just like us.

The next day, he'll come into his office gushing

over a moving, amateur,

edition of my way. In August, Osberg visited Buffett's home in Omaha. They spent hours on YouTube,

grinding. We watched a really good documentary on Roy Cohn, she says, and the Uzbekistan version

of America's Got Talent. That would be Uzbekistan Got Talent. It's unclear. Easy to remember.

Easy to remember. It's somewhat predictable. It's unclear if Buffett is one of the channels 34,500

subscribers. Buffett, who recently turned 96 and stepped down as Berkshire's chairman, declined to comment

on his YouTube habits. What's up with Sharon just blowing up, blowing up his whole routine?

Like, if I invite you into my home to watch you, like, if I invite a friend to my home.

You're doing Algo docs? If I invite a friend to my home to watch YouTube videos with me for

hours and hours and hours and go down the YouTube rabbit hole, and then a week later, you're calling

up the journal spilling, spilling the truth about my, my video, my rabbit hole habits.

Yeah.

I feel like, I feel like Buffett had to be like, I want you to tell the journal.

You think it's astroter.

Yeah.

I think, I think, I think, I want you to take this.

You think he's paying.

I think he's trying to, I think he's as locked in as ever.

I don't think he's doing anything for entertainment.

He wants the other allocators to get comfortable.

You know, I can spend a few hours on YouTube every night.

Meanwhile, he's studying the blade every single night and all of this is just...

You're giving the benefit of 4D chess.

Yes, yes.

Occam's 40 razor.

Yeah, that is Occam's 40 Razor.

Yeah, this is what he's doing.

Makes sense.

Tier list time.

Should we do it?

Do you want to rate it or do you want me to rate it?

I want you to rate it.

Okay.

We got a tier list.

First, Glenn Close clips.

I'm kicking it off with C tier.

I'm not that.

It's a little old for me.

Not into it.

Commercials from the 90s.

1950s, though, I'm going A tier.

Commercials for the 1950s, you're going to learn a lot.

It's going to be an interesting time capsule, and they lend themselves very well to

YouTube videos.

Paul Anka videos, I'm not a huge Paul Anka fan.

I would go D-tier with that.

Berkshire Hathaway videos studying, he's watching game footage.

So I go S-tier with Berkshire Hathaway videos.

Also, deep emotional, his business partner.

it's a way to remember him makes a ton of sense.

Amateur musical performances,

including, see, I liked Frank Sinatra's My Way.

An amateur cover needs to have a twist.

It needs to be a heavy metal rendition of my way.

To get A tier for me, so I don't go B to.

Or some like, if he's watching early Justin Bieber performances,

you know, somebody that's about to go on a generational run.

That's good, too.

Yeah, that's good too.

Roy Cone documentary.

Fascinating.

If you haven't seen The Apprentice, it's a biopic about Roy Cohn.

I would definitely watch that documentary.

I'd go A-tier with the Roy C-Cone documentary.

International talent shows, never really dip my toe in that pool.

Don't knock it until you try it, John.

I just, I need to put it in C-tier because I don't have an educated opinion here.

Railroad videos, on the other hand, fascinating.

tons of lessons to be learned about modern era.

Alpha.

I'd go S-tier.

He also owns a railroad.

So he's, again, studying game film effectively.

Big band era content, little dated.

I would put it C-tier.

Let's do Charlie Munger speeches.

Of course, that's in the Berkshire video category.

That goes S-tier.

That's right.

Twelve Angry Men.

I like that he was watching this on Turner Classic movies.

he was watching the whole film.

So I'd put that A tier for TCM movies generally.

But I noticed that when they mentioned Bill Murray movies and clips lost in translation,

I'm not a big clip movie watcher.

I'd rather just watch the trailer and then the whole film.

I don't really like the whole clip,

although I do get sucked into them every once in a while.

For movie clips, I would go B tier.

Yeah.

Do you agree with that roughly?

I think you nailed it.

Okay. That's our tier list for today.

But yeah, at the end of this article goes into, I'll just read it.

Lately, Buffett has been turning to YouTube to remember Munger who died in 2023.

He's been viewing Munger's speeches, including a 2018 talk of the University of Michigan,

marveling at his wit and wisdom, colleagues and friends say,

you feel the bond between the two of them as he watches Charlie.

It's really quite something.

And when we were reading this earlier, we almost started shedding.

Yeah, it's emotional.

Truly one of the greatest partnership.

The greatest partnership.

Hands down, the greatest partnership.

It's hard to think of anything else that even comes close.

But fun that we're getting more color commentary on the Warren Buffett life.

Everyone knows the McDonald's habit and the house and the indefensible plane and stuff.

This is a fun different spin in the modern era.

It shows you that he's not entirely a Philistine.

There's a whole version of the lore that.

could have been, oh, he still only reads the newspaper.

He doesn't use the computer at all.

And that would have been somewhat predictable.

So I like that this is like a left turn.

Yeah.

For his brand.

And good 40 chess too.

Yes.

Good 40 chess, yes.

Fooling.

Well, yeah, we'll have to ask Greg.

All right.

Scott Stevenson.

What do you say?

Been on the guest before.

Yes.

Been a guest on the show before.

Yes.

He's running Spell Book.

Yes.

He is saying, speaking, some truth.

That's going to be very controversial.

I'm going to read it. He said, if you do hardcore knowledge work, you are likely severely

underestimating how much sugar you need to sustain peak performance. Protein alone cannot sustain

a full day of system two. Thinking, he follows it up and says, allowing myself to drink sweet

drinks while working has been the most profound performance enhancement in the past five years for me.

For the past two weeks, I've been outputting it 50%. Higher focus longer, one power rate at my desk per day.

I'm able to do 12-hour days the way I used to be able to when I was younger.

I don't have any crash.

I crashed much worse end of day when I was avoiding sugar.

I'm not sure why this is the case.

It seems contrary to most of what I've read.

Hypothesis 1.

I burn a lot of energy working at a computer and easy fuel gets burned off quickly like a runner.

I was in a calorie deficit that was hurting my performance previously.

Same reason chess players consume chocolate milk while playing.

Hypothesis 2.

I have diabetes.

Any other ideas?

Um, sugar is a superfood.

Okay.

Get it through your head, John.

Get it through your thick skull.

I like sugar.

I know you like sugar, but not enough.

Not enough.

Not enough.

Sugar is, you know, people have been told that it's evil and bad for you and all these different things.

But, um, uh, for the listeners at home, if you haven't already, it's time to study Dr.

Ray Pete.

That's really all I'll say.

Go down the Ray Pete rabbit hole.

tonight on YouTube, Warren Buffett style, spend a few hours listening to Ray Pete talk about

sugar and metabolism and a bunch of other topics in that whole orbit.

I started, I've probably talked about it on the show before, but I just started drinking

a classic Coca-Cola every day years ago.

It's still almost a daily habit.

I try to fit it in every afternoon.

Every afternoon.

Every afternoon.

It has some caffeine in it, so I don't want to do it too late.

But it's tasty.

You feel good before, during, and after.

And I can't recommend it enough.

And a prediction, I'll say it on the show.

I've set it off air many times.

I think in the same way that salt became one of the hot sort of like supplements of the last few years, sugar is the next one.

Every single new drink brand things.

Imagine getting the stick packs that are like element tea, but it's just sugar in the raw.

No, that's, I mean, it's basically, it, it, I'm not going to go that far.

Yeah.

But all, we've, we've, we've been through 10 years, 15 years now of like all these fake.

What is in, what is in liquid IV?

Is that sugar?

That was pretty high sugar and they always got flamed for it.

Oh, interesting.

But the, but the, but the truth is that like, like those proper hydration requires some amount of sugar.

Yeah.

So anyways, uh, I'm glad, I'm glad that we are about to.

at the slog that we've been through of all these different artificial sugars that,

one, taste inferior, don't give you energy, and often are bad for your gut or have other

negative long-term impacts.

So sugar's coming back.

You heard it here first.

There's a really good source of sugar that literally comes from Mother Earth.

It comes from corn.

It's like high-fructose corn syrup.

If you go and you go to 7-11, you get a big gulp.

It has literally like Mother Nature created the corn.

They extract the syrup.

It syrup's like as American as it gets.

You put on pancakes.

And you just chug that down and you're good to go.

Okay.

Well, I want to see you just with some high fructose,

just a bottle of high fructose corn syrup.

Challenge except.

Chugging that.

I'll have.

Superfood.

You said it.

Not me.

Not quite.

Not quite.

Stick to good old fashioned cane sugar, folks.

com.

Console-abailants A.I. Agents that are made 70% of IT, HR, and finance support, giving employees instant resolution for access requests and password resets.

All right, John, do you think what's the right amount to spend on your office per employee?

Because Castle Hook Partners, an $11 billion hedge fund, is paying around $600,000 a year in rent per employee.

That seems pretty cool.

that feels like.

Whoa, that's really a lot.

Okay.

That's really, really high.

Okay.

Castle Hook Partners, the $11 billion hedge fund founded by former Soros Fund Management

investor, David Rogers, signed a New York City record of paying 350 to 400 a square foot.

That's, yeah, four in the top two floors of the new 625 Madison Tower.

Castle Hook, which is backed by Stanley Drucken, Miller, will pay $21.2 million for 53,000 square feet.

feet of penthouse space, overlooking Central Park Castle, Hook has just 35 employees.

Are they expecting to scale up a lot and change that, you know?

Hopefully not.

I mean, you don't think this setup's going to deliver alpha.

You're like, you know, they need to scale a UM.

They need to deliver returns.

Otherwise, they're going to be thrown out of the building.

I mean, it's, wait, it's 21 mil a year.

Yeah.

Okay.

No, I don't think it's, I don't think it's, I don't think it's on.

reasonable given their scale.

Yeah.

I mean,

it also probably makes sense for clients that want to come by.

There's just not that.

A lot of hedge fund stuff is over the phone.

Well, given their fee base.

Yeah, no, no, no.

They can clearly afford it.

But the question is like, what are the knock on effects other than just like when you go to work, you feel great?

There are certain businesses where it's like, oh, well, like if you're VC and entrepreneurs come and pitch you and they see a nice building, they're like, oh,

this is a serious firm. I should work with them. But hedge funds, oftentimes, like the CEO isn't

going by the hedge fund's office all that much. And same thing for the clients. They might not

actually be going and doing a pitch in person, although I'm sure that happens. So it just depends.

I don't know. Pretty cool. I want to see a video tour. It looks like these windows are really,

really big, but it feels like the

top two floors.

It looks a little lower than some

of the renders that I've seen from

taller skyscrapers in

Manhattan. Can you be too

high in Manhattan?

I haven't been yet.

No?

No fear of heights or anything?

I feel like if you have a clear view,

I mean, I guess you always leave yourself

open to a taller building popping

up and blocking your view, and that's one of the advantages

of being extra high.

But I feel like a view like this looks a little bit lower.

But maybe I'd just have the perspective all wrong.

I don't know.

Let me know.

What do you think of the new passport?

People were going back and forth.

And Paul McGregor was saying,

if I was redesigning the cover of what is arguably the country's most important public document,

I'd first hire both the best typographer and Crest designer money can buy,

then fiddle about with the layouts probably.

And Joe Gebby fires back high when you're done finding.

When you're done fiddling, please send me resume.

may have top crest designer, make sure they can do better than the 1782 official national anthem.

It looks like a very...

National emblem.

National emblem.

Yeah, the redesign looks like a very tasteful and moderate iteration.

Like, I think people are reacting to this.

Like, it's like, now it's all gold and it has, like, a bear and an eagle fighting on it.

And it features, like, the UFC Octagon, which, like, with sort of where people's expectations are for these types of things.

I'm surprised if there's no UFC branding on the passport.

Yeah, no ads is a big step backwards.

But, yeah, seems like a pretty moderate iteration here.

I don't know.

Yeah, they made the eagle a bit older.

And also, I think the eagle is like the exact same design, right?

It's just bigger.

I think this is cool.

And I like that the United States of America is bigger.

They just said make the eagle bold.

fold the eagle.

I'm no like typography expert,

but in the previous passport,

passport was the biggest word,

but everyone knows what a passport looks like,

but they don't know what country it's from.

So if you pull out a book at the airport,

it's very obvious that you're pulling out a passport,

but it's not obvious what country it's from.

So putting the name of the country bigger makes more sense, right?

Am I crazy?

Or is this like design 101?

I think you might be on to something.

Okay.

So I think the new iteration

makes a lot of sense. It's just like put the name and put the logo bigger so that you can see that

and everyone knows that it's passports to put passport smaller. Yeah, I will say that the passport

text where it's kind of sans-serif all caps and there's like spacing, that does look like

AI slop kind of. It does. This is like very common when you just have model one change. Too much

too wide of kerning is your problem. Okay, the kerning needs some work. Yeah, it does read a little odd.

That's pretty high stakes graphic design.

It is.

Most stuff, they're like, yeah, we're going to make this, you know, pamphlet for a conference,

and nobody's going to read it.

And if they do, they'll look at it for a second.

The passports, like, we're going to make 100, you know, 100 million of these.

And then they're going to carry them for a decade.

Yeah.

Representing the country globally.

Yeah.

They will be inspected many times.

I'm not in the passports.

I don't want to leave.

America. It's like not a good thing. They can just get rid of them. Just stay here. You would

love that. Just wind down the program. If John hit the button that just like ended the U.S.

passport. Yeah, just wind down the program. Just just go to Alaska if you want it to be cold.

Go to Arizona if you want it to be hot. Problems all.

Go to Hawaii if you want to go to the tropics. Why do you need to go to another country?

We got everything you want right here. Mike Isaac, he's out of the New York Times.

You went to the Atlantic.

Trade deal.

Do you think there's anything to that rumor that he had amassed an immense amount of soft power

and was considering a CEO coup?

I think he was making a run for it.

He might have.

And then he was ousted, defenistrated for becoming too powerful.

Yes.

That seems like Occam's Razor, Occam's 40 Razor in this scenario.

It also could be that he just wanted to go to the Atlantic and write longer,

different pieces and a different style, have a fresh, have a fresh.

you know, look.

But I do like that we caught him via the paparazzi.

It's very good.

There's some drama at the Atlantic, though.

We had the CEO of the Atlantic on our show.

He has a podcast.

This is Nicholas Thompson, Atlantic CEO.

He was talking to the media about the media business on Vox Channel's podcast last month.

When host Peter Kafka, I did Peter.

Peter Kafka's show, but I didn't know, I didn't think it was called channels. Maybe he has a second show.

Peter Kafka asked him, how was the magazine's editor-in-chief Jeffrey Goldberg feeling about the growing success of Thompson's personal podcast?

So he's the CEO, but his podcast is blowing up, blowing up, because he's getting really great guests.

And then there's also a, there's a tension here. He says, we make a lot of money on the stuff I do.

Okay. This doesn't seem controversial anymore. I don't know why they're,

He's waiting about those.

Just giving him a victory lap.

What is this?

This is such a puff piece.

This is insane.

Insane puff piece in Semaphore about Nicholas Thompson just printing on his podcast.

Okay, we get it.

That said.

He says, Jeff likes it when we make money.

Thompson's response ricocheted around the Atlantic Newsroom.

Thompson's podcast, the most interesting thing in AI, has emerged as a source of tension

between the magazine's business and editorial teams.

journalists have complained that the lucrative and high profile show is not subject to the Atlantic's editorial rules, input, or oversight.

Yet a casual listener could easily take it for an Atlantic editorial product.

I did see some people going back and forth when he did the Baws interview.

People were like, is this a sponsored podcast?

This was like, because he opens with like a pretty soft question just being like, what are you launching today?

And then he does ask a bunch of really hard questions later.

in the interview, but I think people just keyed off of the fact that, like, it was the moment

when Meta was in the depths of, like, they're screen recording everyone. And so that was the

question you got to ask in that interview. He did ask it, but just later in the interview,

and people were like, oh, he didn't ask it up front. That's not enough. Anyway, Thompson's show

is made by the magazine's business side, and like any number of contemporary podcasts, yes,

features interviews with technologists and business leaders interspersed with sponsored content.

When the podcast launched in 2024, the newsroom raised no objections.

But now that it's printing, they got an issue.

The Atlantic has featured a robust paid content arm for years through its creative marketing studio and custom events business.

They've got to go further.

You know, if they're doing sponsored content, I think that they should be auctioning off the guest slots,

but they should also be auctioning off the host slots.

So it should just be like, okay, you can just post whatever you want on our channel if you pay enough.

Just like a pipe.

But also sell ad slots.

So it's like, okay, boss wants to do some SpanCon, but Alex Wang also wants that they're going to talk to each other on the Atlantic podcast.

But then there's going to be ads in the feed too.

But it's presented by Anthropic.

Yes, exactly.

Exactly.

Maximal financial things.

Anyway, they're going back and forth on that.

We'll see where that goes.

What else is going on?

What else we got?

What else we got?

Oh, Les Chaton Fat.

It's time.

Le Chon.

They're calling it Le Chonk.

La Chonk, yes.

They're leaning into the jokes, Mestral AI, the French neolab.

Is it fair to call them a neolab?

I think they're just a lab.

They're just a lab, right?

They're pre-neo-lab.

Yeah, I would say so.

You would call them pre-neo lab specifically?

Let me actually consult our nomenclature.

Okay.

Oh, I think they were like national lab or something like that.

Up there with Lawrence Livermore.

But they launched Mistral Large 4, aka La Chonk.

One trillion parameters natively made it multimodal,

49 billion active parameters.

It is the best open weight model from U.S. or Europe on aggregated benchmarks.

state of the art on critical workloads, including cyber defense, manufacturing and finance,

and it surpasses closed frontier models on visual grounding, forged in Europe, end-to-end, is deployable from Europe via our own mistral cloud infrastructure available to all the API today,

working with cybersecurity partners privately. Open weights release end of October. So presumably they'll release the open weights for like the cyber nerved version.

I would imagine, something like that.

I don't know.

Anyway, what is your review, Tyler?

Do you have any other data to share about Mistral's progress?

Yeah, I mean, it looks very good.

I think it's like very much on par with the kind of frontier of the open source.

So like the Chinese labs, it's like very much a contender.

It's not necessarily like destroying all of them on every benchmark,

but it's like certainly if people are worried about using Chinese open source models

because maybe downstream, there's going to be some legal ramification or whatever.

Yeah.

Like, this is a very good choice.

It really does change the open source, close source debate because...

Yeah, I think mistral and reflection, which is kind of the American open source lab.

Yep.

Like, we're now starting to see, like, okay, these models are actually, like, quite competent.

Yeah.

And reflection came out with, it's called Beam yesterday.

Whoa, not tapped in.

You're like, sorry, sorry, I can't hear you.

I can't hear you.

It's called a game, yes.

Anyways, we can come back to that.

But great, great to see them getting a new model out.

And Leo has the funniest benchmark of them.

It says it's pretty funny that it seems the one thing Mistrawl Large 4 is actually leading on

is a benchmark about regulation, another EU banger.

Harvey, Harvey's legal agent benchmark is up to 50.

13%, whereas other models are down at between 5 and 13%.

Interesting.

I wonder if that's intentional.

I wonder if there's actually anything to read into that.

I really have no idea, but it's certainly valuable.

I'm sure Harvey and all the other legal companies will be excited.

Because we read the whole thing about Harvey, their margins being in a really rough spot for a minute

when they were overly relying on like the most expensive front.

into your models now. There's a ton of price competition

between open AI and Anthropic and then obviously

there's a bunch of pressure from open

source models. So they

it's truly

create the benchmark that you want

the labs to hill climb and

they just created the benchmark for like their exact

workload and then they're able

to do that. Sushi commander says what are you talking

about both Bean and Mr. All, Beam

and Mr. All large are a generation

behind the latest Chinese leading model

so putting you in the truth zone.

Tyler.

I mean, you can look at the benchmarks.

It's like, yeah, it's not leading them.

It's like among one of the contenders.

It's not the frontier.

Yeah.

It's like in line, but a lot of the, like the most recent round of Chinese open source

happened like a couple months ago, which is always rough.

Because like you catch up to the frontier and then it's like, well, you're going

to take another six months to get something out where they're going to only take another

two months to get something out.

So that window.

But there's so many other geopolitical implications that,

lead companies to go one way or another.

So we'll see.

We'll see.

Olivia Moore has some data on what's happening in the battle for consumer AI

dominance between Chachapiti, Claude, and Gemini.

A16Z pulled the data across web and mobile plus consumer revenue.

ChatGPT is at 2x Gemini's scale and 6x scale on web and two and a half

Gemini scale and 14 times Claude scale on mobile.

Interesting.

I mean, I guess that makes sense more consumer focused.

You're pulling there.

The main thing here is just look at the run from Claude.

Yeah.

I mean, we saw this in the app store, right?

Like you would open up the app store and Claude was at the top for a while and then fell down.

And now Chachyp D's back on top and they're just going back and forth.

The war for the frontier is just trading shots back and forth, back and forth.

Yeah.

Right now, Mews still at number one.

Vinted, who we're working on Gintin is number two.

It is still number two.

So dominant.

The folks over invented are really doing a fantastic job.

Well, we should bring in our first guest.

Shopify is the commerce platform that grows with your business

and lets you sell in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social, on marketplaces.

And now with AI agents, we have Grepto-Leving from Rockefeller Capital Management.

Here we go.

What's going on?

Welcome to the show.

How are you doing?

Well, good to see you gentlemen.

Thank you so much for taking the time to come shot with us.

Since this is your first time on the show, I would love for you to introduce yourself for the audience and give us a little bit about your background and then your business today.

Great. I'm the CEO of Rockefeller Capital Management, which we started in 2018. I spent most of my career in the financial services business.

I was a management consultant at a company called Booz Allen and Hamilton in the late 80s, early 90s, which was actually great training for learning about lots of different.

industries. I went from there to Merrill Lynch and I was an investment banker mostly in the

financial services space, a noteworthy deal that I did. I was the lead banker on the IPO

BlackRock in 1999 at $14 a share. So it's done quite well since then. And I actually just

rejoined the board for the second time last year. Congratulations. I was the president of Merrill Lynch

during the credit crisis and I negotiated the sale to Bank America, which was, and I have said this

before publicly the most disappointing moment in my career. I was happy to keep the company out

of bankruptcy, but it never should have had to be sold and having to sell it was very difficult.

I then went to Morgan Stanley and I ran wealth and asset management and I left there in 2016

and I wanted to start something. And I found out that I could partner with the Rockefeller family

by the family office that was started by John D. Rockefeller way back in 1882. So the guy who

made all the money. His wealth, by the way, gentleman, at one time was 4% of GDP. So maybe

still the wealthiest guy in history, that family. So we partnered with them. We started a business.

I was backed by an investor, Viking global investors. They've been a great partner. We started on

March 1, 2018, and we built a firm that is, I think, among the best serving wealthy American

families. We call them high net worth and older high net worth. And we provide comprehensive advice

of these families.

Yeah, I have so many questions.

Let's start with the process of actually building the firm.

Wealth managers have lots of different products, lots of different relationships.

How did you think about building out a portfolio of offerings quickly as an upstart firm

to actually give a client who's coming along for the ride at the early stages a full service

experience?

Was this like a hiring spree?

Was this partnering with other?

banks and and firms to try and fill gaps.

What was the secret to actually delivering a, you know,

top tier level of service quickly?

That is a great first question because the reality was we bought Rock and Co,

which was originally the family office.

There wasn't that much there.

We had to build it.

Yeah.

So, you know, it was the classic J curve in the first couple of years.

We were investing because you couldn't really on board those families

that have a complex set of needs.

And so you had a broader set of capabilities.

So the first few years was a significant investment time for us.

We started hiring the private advisor teams

to take the lead working with these families

in late 18, early 19.

But we started building the capabilities right out of the gate.

And it's really taken us, you know,

we have our ninth anniversary next March.

We've been building, building during this time.

And only in the last few years did we have all the capabilities

in place so we could provide comprehensive advice, generational, tax, financial education.

If the family owns a business, we give them advice on that. We have a boutique investment

bank. It was only in the last few years that we really had all those capabilities come together

so that we could really start to grow the firm. So obviously the brand is incredibly storied,

and you had an incredible journey in your career, obviously tons of connections. But how did you

think about the top of funnel? How did you think about onboarding clients? And then once you'd

onboarded that initial set of, you know, tapping your Rolodex, I imagine, how did you think about

growing that client base? What actually works in this particular market? I imagine it's not Super Bowl

ads, but what does move the needle in the modern era?

You know, the thing that we think is the secret sauce is providing advice across the full range of the

families needs because wealthy families have a complex set of needs they're they're trying to plan

generational passage of wealth we do that we give them a lot of tax advice we put them in the invest investment

solutions and those include the best alternative managers also direct investments you know we put

clients and a lot of the companies that you guys talk about yeah that are earlier on um we provide

advice on how to talk to the next generation about money we have a next gen advisory council with some of the

you know, prominent wealthy American families represented on that next-gen advisory council.

We do philanthropic advisory.

We find that most of our families, one of the greatest thing about the United States,

in addition to the whole entrepreneurial machine that you guys talk about all the time,

is the philanthropy.

$600 billion given away every year.

Almost every single family that we work with wants us to help them put in place a philanthropy plan,

including young wealthy people, wealthy, you know, new people making new wealth that some of these,

startup companies, even if they're on the younger side, young people want comprehensive advice

right up front. They want to obviously, you know, spend some of the money, save some of the money,

but they also want to start giving it away. So we do a lot of, we spend a lot of time on the

philanthropy side. That comprehensive advice, nobody really did that in the way that we do it when

we started building our company. That was, you know, what we really set out to do.

How is the upper echelon of like family office and multifamily office business changing what you do?

Is there just a demand for a wider breadth of services for a longer period of time?

Is there something where you need to react to the fact that some ultra high net worth individuals are building whole trading desks and real estate,

teams and they're doing like such complex management, uh,

that you still want to partner with them in some meaningful way or advise them on

their journey.

You know, John, for most of them until you get a, you know, really significant wealth,

you know, north of $10 billion.

Yeah.

That's enough wealth to really have a fully staff family office.

Yeah.

But, you know, in the first, certainly hundreds of millions into the early billions,

you know, we encourage families to think about using us.

because we'll do everything that they can build.

We do it for lots of families.

And it's easier for us to deliver that for them than it is for them to build it and manage it.

They're headaches involved in building your own family office.

So the very high end will do everything in-house.

But really, everybody else is a potential client for us.

And even in the very wealthy families, we'll sometimes do some aspects of things for them.

They'll have a lot of it internal, but they might be turning to us for advice on

different kind of investments or for help on some of the sophisticated tax and estate planning.

They might turn to us for that.

But right up to a couple billion dollars, that's a sweet spot for us.

Got it.

How is your private market strategy evolved in the last few years?

So many of the world's most exciting companies have obviously stayed private for a long time.

They're also quite high profile.

So I imagine some of that strategy ends up being led by the client base.

coming to you and various, you know, people on your team saying, get me into Anderol or get me into

XYZ, you know, name. And it feels like it's probably coming, you know, the ultimate strategy is being

led in some way by both sides. It is, Jordy. And in fact, you know, Rockefeller Capital

Management, we're in over 30 well centers, over 50 cities across the country. And one of the reasons

we do that is we want to be embedded in local communities with the clients, with the families.

Because wealth is created in this country.

You know, when I was younger, you had a certain set of cities and they're still there, New York and Boston and Houston and Dallas.

But now you've got Nashville and Charlotte, obviously, many places in Florida and in California, obviously Silicon Valley.

So we're in these communities.

So we'll often have people working at, you know, the companies that are getting built and built quickly come to our advice.

and look for help.

So we get a lot of introductions that way because we're embedded in the community.

And we do a lot of work with entrepreneurs across all different industries.

And frankly, they benefit from our advice because they're really spending 24-7 building these

companies.

And they're not, they don't have the time.

They don't really have the training to do the types of things that we do in terms of

helping them start to think about, you know, more of a diversified approach to long-term

investing, philanthropy, things like that.

So it's been a great, you know, this whole growth in entrepreneurs.

I mean, I think we have 6.2 million new companies being created in the United States this year, which will be a record.

This entrepreneurial surge has been great for us in terms of creating clients all over the country.

Yeah, totally.

I want to talk about the research function at the firm.

I imagine that clients want your house view on,

interest rates and inflation and whether AI is a bubble or not, how do you think about answering

those questions? What team members do you have in place? How do you grapple with like the hot

questions of the day to keep like a consistent view from a firm, but also tailor the advice to the

specific client? Yeah, we have a chief investment officer, Jimmy Chang, who takes the lead on

pulling together a firm view. I have another colleague, Rishir Sharma, who writes every other week in the

FTA. He's our chairman of international.

So we've got some great minds.

You know, and I spent a lot of time with this myself because clients ask me all the time and I'll give them my own views.

You know, I've been pretty clear that this technology is revolutionary.

I'm in my 39th year in my professional career.

I've seen a lot, but there's nothing like this technology in terms of its impact on every part of society.

You know, you have the CAP-X investment and all the digital.

data centers and everything that's happening there, which is driving the economy.

But then you have the other side of it, which is every private and public company in the

country trying to figure out what to do with these tools, how to use them, how to drive

productivity in your firm, how to enhance the client experience.

So, you know, we think this is a revolutionary technology and is beyond anything that's

happened to this point, frankly, in human history.

At the same time, so I completely agree with you, obviously.

At the same time, there are a number of Cassandras out there right now.

And that is offset by a lot of investors, a lot of people in finance who have lived through the great financial crisis or dot com or both.

And I'm wondering, from your experience, what are the canaries in the coal mine that you do look towards as useful signals for something maybe getting too far?

because even when the technology is real, there's always a risk of overinvesting, right?

Yeah.

Look, I mean, you know, and I live through both of those times.com and the financial crisis.

Not every dollar is going to get the return that it's looking for when you have a time like this with this kind of massive investment.

That's clear.

The question is, is the overall technology going to pull the economy and productivity forward in a way where it's going to have the kind of impact that we all hope for?

I believe the latter is going to take place.

I think that you're already starting to see some signs of productivity and improvement.

Now, you know, you've got different people arguing about that.

But, you know, output per hour seems to be going up in some industries without employment going up.

So, you know, as long as all of the investment leads to the kind of growth in the economy, the growth in productivity, this is obviously what the government's hoping for.

Because, you know, one canary in the coal line that we could talk about is the fiscal debt situation.

which is unique in my history and is a problem and maybe driving some of the longer term rates up.

But from an AI standpoint, if the overall investment that's being made trillions of dollars

leads to the effect on the economy and on productivity across thousands of companies

and every part of society, then the return on the capital will be there.

But it'll be differentiated.

Not everybody will be a winner.

There will be winners and losers.

And even though we saw, and I lived through this, the dot-com,

explode, you know, in 2000 and 2001.

Obviously, there were tremendous companies that ended up coming out of that.

And the same thing coming out of the credit crisis.

So not everybody's going to be a winner when you're looking at investments and, you know,

and the capital that's chasing different companies now, some of them will justify

the capital investment.

Some won't.

But from a macro standpoint, I'm optimistic that all of this capital that's behind this

whole AI investment will have the impact on the economy.

productivity, you know, people's incomes, you know, a lot of the positives that are in the

dialogue, I think that that can come to pass.

Yeah.

How are you processing the obvious bubble in the early stage technology private markets,

you know, where you have a company that goes from, you know, being worth, let's say,

zero dollars to, you know, $2 billion a couple months later.

You're talking about like pre-revenue?

Yeah, yeah.

Right now, there's all this nav appreciation that you're seeing across the top early stage funds because there's effectively multiple rounds happening in a very short period of time.

There's so much excitement around these companies and these categories and the TAMs feel so big that it's easy to get around to justifying, hey, if we give this company $500 million and they're going after this hard problem and there's, you know,

meaningful technology change, they're going to be able to figure something out.

But at the same time, you know, we go through this every week where we'll have multiple times a

week, we'll have a company on the show we've never heard of.

And somehow they have, you know, $500 million of fresh capital and, you know, pretty small

revenue base at least and a lot of potential.

But it's a little bit nerve-wracking having, you know, just gone through a similar investment cycle

in 2020 and 2021, although we didn't have this sort of same technology shift.

Yeah, we didn't have the underlink technology shift.

But yeah, there was that cycle.

And remember, again, I did live the Internet cycle.

And John saying while you were asking the question, Jordi, pre-revenue, that was, remember, clicks and different things that were looked at in 98 and 99.

And now it's just like talent, it's talent density.

It's like if you get high.

And so the investment thesis is just.

like, hey, we've got five really smart people here.

Time to give them half a billion.

Yeah. Look, I mean, you know, in 99, you get in a taxi, and the taxi driver would ask

you for three recommendations on, you know, Soxie you could buy or companies who can invest in.

So there's some of that going on now, no question.

The way we deal with it, first of all, we do a lot of diligence on the private investment

side as well.

We try to only put things in front of our advisors and clients that we think, you know,

look like they could pass the test of time here, but that's still a challenge given the number

and quantity that are coming out,

Jordy, when you guys are seeing companies

that you've never heard of

and you live in this ecosystem,

we're going to see companies

that we've not heard of as well.

Diversification is the way that we do

with our clients and also not just

diversification within the space,

but only a certain amount of the capital

goes into this part of their capital allocation plan.

So, you know, we have these families,

you know, broadly diversified across alternatives,

obviously some public market exposure

on the equity end, even on the fixed income side,

with rates backing up, and then a certain amount of the capital into things that, you know,

fit the bill with what you're describing, where, you know, some of them might work and some of

them won't work, but the client is not exposed to more risks than they should be taking,

given the fact that we're in a time like that. We're definitely in a time like that.

What's different about this time, and that's always a dangerous phrase, and I've been around

long enough to know that, but what's different about this time, and John was saying this before,

the underlying technology and the underlying, you know, business shift is real.

But a lot of these companies are not going to get the valuations that they're being awarded now.

Yeah.

One more.

Yeah, one more.

How do you, how have you processed how success ends up clouding the judgment of otherwise really smart people?

That's a good question.

And you even talked about a low point in your career with Merrill Lynch, which avoided, you know,

the worst case scenario.

But when you have absolutely knocked it out of the park for long enough, you start,

you know, otherwise smart people start to not even be able to imagine the possibility of

failure.

And I'm seeing this, you know, just in the private markets where we're spending most of our time.

Some of these managers have put up such unbelievable results for the past few years that that,

that and at a certain point you start feeling like you're you're playing with like house money to

some degree too which is which is another dynamic um but having seen a bunch all sorts of managers

across across your career like when do when do you feel like um what are the signs that

you look for it to think like okay maybe this person's overplaying their hand well you know part of it

is is what you described it's even generational have they been through the cycles is this the

only cycle that they're seeing. Part of it is back to the diversification, you know, I was talking about

before. But, you know, what you're describing is an incredible, is spot on in terms of what's

going on right now. I mean, you know, you have clients that everybody's kind of expecting, you know,

anybody who got into SpaceX early, you know, that's kind of the vision they have for every

private investment, you know, am I going to be up 30, 40, 50 times? It's like, look, this is,

not something that is, you know, recurs on a regular basis. You know, I was looking at. You know, I was

looking at the scale of companies now. Apple was the first trillion dollar company. I think it was

2018 or 2019. There are now 15 or 16. I mean, it is, there's a momentum here. And, you know,

look, this is what what our advisors do. They've been around a long time. They've been working with

wealthy families. They say, you know, let's stick with the plan. We can put this much capital

and these types of investments. You know, we like these vehicles here for this, for this reason.

We think this vehicle might be too speculative. We think these people,

They've done well, but they've really only seen one cycle, so we want to be careful there.

Our advisors are providing that kind of advice, and we're constantly reminding, you know, people throughout the firm.

Because I've lived these cycles, and this one, you know, is taking on some of those characteristics.

Again, having said that, the underlying driver is real, but there will be winners and losers.

We look at diversification.

We say to clients, just a portion of the capital, be careful.

and let's look for managers that have actually seen something go wrong because things go right and they go wrong.

Last question for me.

How have you grappled with or implemented AI at the firm level, not as an investment strategy,

but just you can imagine every email getting passed through AI.

But wealth management is a luxury product.

Some clients might want a handcrafted email, even if it takes a little bit longer.

where have you seen it integrate usefully versus, okay, maybe we're going to sit that one out?

Well, you know, one of the great things about our business is because the clients, there's so much complexity around taking care of these families.

The interface stays human beings.

So the advisor is going to stay out front.

And we think that's the case for decades and decades.

The family will come in and they will meet with the advisor and the team.

We use AI as a growth enabler.

We're, and, you know, we've got, you know, partnerships with some of the top firms.

We're building things ourselves.

We're trying to make the advisor teams more efficient in dealing with clients.

So a lot of things that used to be more manual or semi-manual will be done by agents.

And we're working on that.

So I'll give you an example of that.

Advisors spend a lot of time getting ready for the meeting with the family.

They have the meeting, then they have the follow-up and, you know, making sure the follow-up occurs and the investments occur.

We're trying to automate that.

meaning prep, you know, and have an agent really help pull that string all the way through.

So that's the type of thing that we're investing in so that the advisor teams become more productive,

gives them more time with clients, they can work with more clients.

And we think the tools will be very efficacious there.

Yeah, removing the drudgery from just piecing the other portfolio, understanding what's happening.

It makes so much sense.

Thank you for coming on the show.

This was fantastic.

Yeah, very cool.

Great to meet you, Greg.

We'd love to have you back and talk about more soon.

Have a great rest of your day.

Yeah.

Let's do it again soon.

You too.

Goodbye.

Agents, meet the canvas.

Your AI agents can now create and modify your Figma files with design system context.

We got T.J. Parker, back on the show.

Four-timer Club.

He's joining the four-timer club.

This is his fourth time on the show.

T.J. Parker.

Welcome to TbPN.

How are you doing?

Good.

How are you?

So you really said, you really said take this job and shove it.

Is that what you said?

You know, I think I'd focus more on what I'm excited to go do now.

Okay.

Which is general medicine.

Okay.

Which is the Nikita beer of healthcare.

Is that it?

Yeah.

Is that kind of fair?

I mean, in some ways it feels like going, going, obviously going back to your roots and

taking another crack at a similar problem in some ways.

Yeah.

And you probably know this, but ironically, Nikita and I shared deaths at Techstars in Boston

in 2013.

So it's particularly apropos.

We got to find that desk.

We got to put it in the museum of business.

Yeah.

The most profitable desk.

That's a billion dollar desk right there.

That's a great desk.

Yeah.

I actually had no idea.

That's crazy.

But yes, restate the mission.

Then we'll go into the decision to step in, what you're planning to do, where the company is now.

But walk us through it.

Yeah.

I mean, I think our vision is super simple.

We want to make it just as easy to shop in health care as it is to shop for anything else.

your life. I think today it's super convoluted. You have no idea what the price is for things. You

don't really know what makes sense for you. And so we're trying to follow all the modalities in

retail that we know works super well and apply those to health care. And so you can come to general

medicine for anything. Could be as simple as just need a renewal of a prescription or as complex as

you've got this thing. You can't figure out what's going on and you want advice. You want to go

see an offline specialist. We just want to be the one-stop shop for health care. Yeah, the front door.

Is there a secular trend here around consumers taking more initiative with their health care

and actually knowing what paths they want to go down versus an annual checkup or just being responsive to there's a problem and my doctor handled it from start to finish?

Has like the pattern of engaging with the medical system changed or is it changing?

right now?

Yeah, I think there's two trends there that makes sense.

The first is that obviously in certain pockets of healthcare, consumers have gotten very

accustomed to a much more seamless CX, right?

So it could be GLP-1s, it could be your annual wellness test.

Like there are these kind of very specific categories where consumers have gotten used

to this, and they've started to expect it across the spectrum of health care.

And then the other obvious trend is that with the advent of LLMs, consumers are just

far more, they far better understand what they might need at any given time. And so it's gotten

them much farther down that curve. And the challenge right now is that the output of an LLM is still

just giving them advice. It's saying like you probably should call the doctor and ask them this

question or you should get someone to write to this prescription or you should go get this x-ray or

this MRI or these labs. And you're back to dealing with the health system as it's always been,

which is that's a super complicated process. And so I think that trend is really important here where

we're trying to close that gap from I know what I want to do to actually being able to

immediately execute that.

What is your view on the AI models, the agents, like, just, you know, cloning your voice

and setting up a Twilio account and calling the doctor for you and like basically just

interfacing with the old system just as an AI, uh, posing as you.

Describing creating a deep fake of yourself.

Basically.

I mean, that's kind of what's happening in some pockets of.

commerce. We're talking about a few million people testing this stuff out right now. It's pretty

niche. But is that something where you think it's like that's going to be slower to take off

more early adopter niche or you still have a play and that will actually be acceleratory for you?

Yeah, I think AI and LEMs and agents are like very good at replicating things humans already do.

I don't think there's a single human that would tell you this is a particularly good experience and

it's just administratively annoying, right?

And so I think even if you take the AI doctor side of this or the agent booking side of this,

like I think that output results in replicating the current system,

which I don't think anyone thinks is particularly good.

And so I think if you compare this category to all the other retail categories,

like we've had two decades of building marketplaces and infrastructure and booking experiences,

none of that exists in healthcare.

And so to actually make this work as elegantly as other.

categories, that's the thing you actually have to go build, is what is this interface between

digital and the traditional healthcare system?

Is it going to be harder to scale the top of funnel without a hero killer product?

I'm just thinking about the previous companies that were known as like the hair loss company.

And then they did a couple other things.

They were like the ED company and they did a bunch of or the peptide company and they did a bunch

with other things.

Do you need like a beachhead offering to onboard people?

Or is there a message that's resonating that's more broad?

Yeah, I think if you asked me a decade ago,

and I think if you asked most people in the ecosystem,

everyone assumed that these very vertical focused companies

would eventually just chip away at category by category

and also when they go horizontal.

It's like Amazon starting with books and then just like increasing selection.

Yeah, it has to be in every of the early stage decks of like Hems, Rome

and all those companies.

They all probably will eventually be the Amazon of health care, right?

I imagine that was there.

That obviously hasn't happened, right?

And so part of the theory here is that you actually have to be horizontal from day one.

So customers can come to you for anything.

Interesting.

And I think there's a couple reasons for that.

Like if you just take the current version of offline care with a GP, like a primary care provider.

Yeah.

Like they serve everything, right?

Like you don't have to go to 12 different places to get everything you need.

Like you're used to going to one place for,

whatever you need. And I think the other vector that's relevant is that oftentimes customers

don't actually know what's going on. And like if you take ED drugs in particular, probably

half the customers on those meds should be on something else treating the underlying issue.

And so you end up with kind of a hammer nail problem versus being able to actually get customers

to exactly what's most effective for them at that moment. At what level of abstraction can you

interface with the health care system as a relatively new company.

Like if you're building a fintech company, like you'll just use Stripe for a lot of the,

you know, card processing and whatnot, and then you do something fancy on top, right?

If you're building it like an e-commerce, say.

And with health care, there are, there are companies that help with booking doctors and

there's, you know, health care record systems.

Like there has been a V, like a first generation, if not like a first and second generation of like

med tech health care tech companies and I'm wondering like are those natural

integration points or is the technology at a point where you can go deeper and

interface directly with doctors or directly with insurance companies and you don't need to

aggregate aggregators yeah I think probably an unpopular opinion is that the data is actually

out there now and the health care in many ways has the most open data because it's been

federally mandated.

And so as an example, when a customer sends up for general medicine, on average, we're getting

11 years worth of medical records, and they don't have to go log in to 12 different health systems

and go find everything.

We just get it automatically.

Yeah.

And the other thing that's happened is the federal government mandated open pricing files

a handful of years ago.

And so providers have to contribute what their reimbursement rates are to this central

repository.

And so when you combine these things, we,

can effectively give customers a clear cash and insurance price for any procedure or service

with any provider.

And that doesn't require us having gone and done a bunch of deals with a bunch of offline

systems.

We can do that on our own.

I think then if you take the pharmacy side of this is a good example.

We just launched our pharmacy experience.

You can check out on general medicine, like you're on Instacard or Uber Eats at 50,000

pharmacies across the country.

So you can see, like, what is exactly my price going to be?

and just click buy, like you do everywhere else, and get the prescription at whatever pharmacy you want.

And so we've really accelerated our ability to allow you to interact with anybody in the system.

And I do think a lot of that is a byproduct of regulatory work that's been going on for a decade coupled with the capabilities of LMs.

And so I just don't think this would have been possible to build five years ago.

What are your strengths and weaknesses as a CEO?

Job in your view about it?

I'm really good at Tweeat.

I had a really good day on the timeline today, so that's my biggest strength for sure.

Yeah, weaknesses.

I don't know.

I try not to talk about those too much.

I mean, I think, like, for me, like, I was so excited to get back to building partially

because it's a bunch of people I've worked with for 10, 15 years, and, like, we've built

an amazing team across the org.

And so, yeah, in many ways, building an amazing team and getting to work with that team

to build stuff.

Where do you see yourself in five years?

No, I'm curious, like, what, you know, from, from pill pack, there's certainly, like,

10 massive mistakes that you made, and then you did probably, like, a thousand things,

right, and that's worked out to an amazing outcome.

Yeah, totally.

Are there, like, this time around, is it really, you're just sharper, more knowledgeable?

you probably know that you can actually go way bigger this time than the last time

because why what's the point of running it back with the team if you're if you're not going to

reach even higher highs but is there any anything that that stands out is like we're definitely

not going to do that even from like a you know hiring standpoint mistakes that you made

building the team the first time around yeah I mean the the thing that I definitely wouldn't

replicate that we did at POPAC is we were just fundamentally

misaligned with other partners and participants in the ecosystem, right? We had this big battle

with incumbents. That was just being young and naive, and obviously it worked out in our favor.

I think that there's a big difference with general medicine, which is I think we are

ultimately trying to refactor the system around the consumer, and in many ways that solves

a bunch of problems for other participants in the ecosystem. So that's probably the biggest

strategic difference. I think tactically, like we've spent 15 years, like in the guts,

of the healthcare system, like deeply understanding all the underlying rails, like what's truly

possible and not possible.

And so in many ways, that is probably the biggest difference is that you've got a decade

and a half of understanding of what you can really do in health care.

And then coupling that, like, really niche expertise with how does that manifest as like

a differentiated customer experience, I think is what we're uniquely good at is sort of being

in the weeds over here, but then abstracting it away so that for the customer, it was super

simple and they don't really need to understand like how hard it was to make it that simple.

The Jaguar Type O1 has leaked.

Is this a good car for the modern healthcare CEO?

I think I'm out.

I'm going to stick with my Raptor R, which is probably the right healthcare CEO car.

Yeah, I like that.

Is there any type of, is there any type of like interesting why now because people are spending, like, it is such a,

better experience using an LLM to understand like a health issue you might be having versus

historically like, you know, Google to WebMD to Reddit and you're like trying to find

somebody else who's had like a similar experience or whatever it is. And now you can have a

conversation about it. Now you can involve, you know, whatever it is, like images. Now it even

has like memory so it can it can sort of tie things together. But it feels like that like you're

it feels like you're exactly the kind of business that should be advertising in LMs,

which is like,

because it can be done in a way that's not even personalized,

which I think people are going to be a little bit wary of.

But you can just, like, if somebody's using a free version of chat, GBT,

you can just slot in and say like, hey, like, we know you're kind of, like,

you can, here's how you actually solve your issue versus just staying in the sort of digital realm

learning.

Yeah, I mean, I think obviously the first iteration of this product is our,

storefront on general medicine.co.

I think we assume that there's going to be all sorts of different ways consumers get access

to these products and services.

And going back to the retail example, like we know exactly what that looks like, right?

A Shopify skew pops up in an LLM.

You can immediately add to card and purchase in one click.

Like there's no reason that same CX shouldn't exist in healthcare once you have this

infrastructure layer built.

And so I think consumers are going to, whether it's an agent and they're literally never

really interacting with us or.

or it's like Shopify and it's a skew that pops immodal.

Like we're,

I think we're building the hard part of that CX,

which is the underlying infrastructure to make that work.

Amazing news.

Well,

congrats on the new...

Glad to see you back in the game.

You had a good few years as a capital allocator

just hanging out,

begging people to let you give them money.

But you're back in the driver's seat.

Yeah.

The problem is I wasn't a good enough golfer.

It's pretty depressing to play golf.

like three days a week and still suck, so I had to get back to operating.

There we go.

Back at it.

Awesome.

Super, super excited for you and the whole band.

It's going to be a great run.

Thanks.

Thanks so much for coming up with us.

We'll talk to you soon.

Investing for those who take it seriously.

We've got stocks, options, bond, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service.

Up next, we have Joon Kim, from Elias, the co-founder.

You know him.

You know him from this post.

You may have triggered you.

Live for the first.

He used to work at a ramp.

Now he's building his own company.

Welcome to the show.

How are you doing?

How's it going, guys?

You know, congrats on the success and becoming rich.

You too.

Thank you.

Always crude in your ways.

Yes.

And always consistent.

But you got some funding.

Speaking of money.

How much did you get?

How much did you raise?

Yeah, we raised $25 million.

We actually raised this.

I can't hear you.

I can't hear you over the same.

sound of the gong.

Congratulations.

I appreciate you.

General Catalyst, CRV,

back to back.

Genius.

Genius is Ben, Adam, the whole

gang.

But, uh, great lineup.

Yeah, great lineup.

What are you building?

And, and, and, and,

go for it.

Yeah, what's up?

No, I was going to say, like, you've,

feels like you've been in,

have you been like building for a couple years now?

Is it more like a year?

No.

Dude,

you left ramp back in, uh,

September of last.

last year, which is crazy to think.

It's been a wild ride.

Yeah.

It's been a wild ride.

We raised, you know, from General Kallis back in November.

We actually started on a different idea in like performance marketing and then we decided

to pivot away from that back in March.

And then we landed on building the agents lab for creative work in April.

And then we raised our series A in July.

Awesome.

What does that mean?

Yeah.

So I believe, well, one, I'll give a little bit of backstory.

I used to want to be like Nigaiga back in the day.

If you guys know that Asian YouTuber that hit the 1 million subscribers for the first time.

And then I kept telling myself like, oh, I need to do this.

And my dad used to be like a wedding photographer, like a videographer.

So I wanted to do, I just, I wanted to learn Final Cut Pro and I just couldn't.

My team is like going to over the computer.

But anyways, yeah, I just figured, you know, with the era of generative AI and people being able to build software like they've never been able to before, like that shouldn't be the

or creative work either in creative assets, videos, the coolest motion graphics, animations,

or bring your imagination to life. And, you know, with general media models making it much

cheaper than ever to create, like, but it hasn't been easier. And, you know, Melius is going

to be the harness to actually close that gap by building a suite, a creative suite of tools,

like the node-based canvas, the agentic timeline editors, even one-off generations all the way to

being first to the MCPNCLA. Very cool. So, so who are you guys, what kind of companies are you

working with today. What's the focus? Are you focused on like certain types of assets? Like

could be landing pages. Yeah, we're primary catering to a lot of businesses like in fashion,

CPG, e-commerce for sure. Some notable customers are Doors.com, shown media, a shout out to the

marketing agency in New York and Skinny Dip as well. We also provide, yeah, we also provide services

for companies doing even more than $5 billion in ARR. So, super.

grateful to be working with the group of customers that we are today.

More than $5 billion.

It's time to start guessing, John.

I want to know about $25 million.

I mean, huge congrats, but it feels like you're going a sort of inference light model.

If you're going to be doing generations, you'll probably pass that cost through to the user

and rely on other inference providers.

Is that the thesis?

Or do you see, yeah, at some point, we're going to be training our own models.

We're going to be doing crazy stuff, building hardware, rack and servers.

I love that you ask that.

I don't know if you guys had a chance to check out some of the press release stuff,

but the theme of the fundraises that we're building this so that anyone can make anything.

And we want to kind of leave an open-ended message there.

Like, we're going to start in general media for sure.

But eventually this is going to be a play where, you know, like, I hope 10, 20 years down the line,

people have like, this is a crazy thing to say, but maybe they have a microchip in their brain.

And then they just think of this something that they want to make and just materialize this fire

to think.

That is the kind of thing that we want to strive to build.

And we're not going to make any promises.

But like, you know, as long as we have a goal that says, you know, we're going to build this company so that anyone can make anything, that is the right strategy, I believe.

And this is just the first start.

I mean, it seems like at this point, a lot of the customer base is like essentially like sales driven.

or, you know, landing page driven, news driven.

Are you optimistic about any of the, like, foundation model plugging ecosystem driving,

like being the tool of choice for agents at some point, being a growth vector?

I've seen a couple companies sort of, like, go really, really vertical off of that,

but of course there's always, like, some trickiness to the relationship there.

But how are you negotiating, like, AI discoverability?

your AI top of funnel.

Yeah, I actually think that we were pretty,

I guess everyone would say this,

but we were pretty early to that take,

especially in the generative media space.

If you go back to March,

we were still in stealth.

And our first post was that we built the first MCP

to interact with generative media models on a canvas.

And no one had done that before,

and we positioned ourselves as the creative canvas for agents.

And, you know,

that had its own kind of, like, bipolar,

reaction from the market, I guess.

But, yeah, I mean, I totally agree that that is going to be where the trend goes.

That is definitely where, you know, creative work is trending.

Most of our customers are using Claude and ChatGTPPT plugins with the MCP at Melius.

Sure.

In addition to that, even the self-service market, it's growing at a very rapid pace.

What is demand for computer use like if somebody has successfully learned Final Cut and they want to stay there?

Do you think it's important for you to offer an integration point there so they can sort of like watch the cursor do some of the work and then they can still jump in with the tool that they know and love?

You can also edit the underlying files and then just vend them a project file.

Yeah, that's actually, do you want to do it all or do you have a particular pattern that works?

Yeah, we're never going to be that Waldgarten that never lets people like do parts of things on different platforms.

I think plugins are really great, especially in this era of like, you know, multimodal computer use.

You know, we're going to build the plugins for maybe After Effects or Adobe Premiere and whatever it may be.

And we're also going to support all those features on our platform.

The thing is the reason to stay on Melius is that we built business conducive and long-term creator-inducive workflows.

That means like proactive agents, reactive agents, the timeline editor, the node-based canvas, and the digital asset manager.

These are all things that maybe people don't have out of the box on their computer.

But if they don't need it, that's fine.

They can actually go and use our MCP coupled with their plugins on their own computer

when they are using agents with computer use.

And so, you know, there's some value to using Malius on the platform.

But we definitely are going to capture a ton of usage off platform through MCPs,

through plugins and tools of that nature.

Do you guys have like an agent or a workflow that can do this yet, which is,

I think it would be very powerful if a brand could,

let's say, pick five to ten companies that they look up to,

or they like their creative approach and say,

anytime this company has a new ad in their meta ads library,

make five variations of, you know, basically clone it for my brand,

which is something like, no, I don't think this is exactly what happened.

Yeah, like Skinny Dip might see another company,

that, you know, in a different category with new creative and marketers today are just going

and looking at what their competitors or other companies are spending and just cloning it.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's actually a common workflow, especially with the Cloud MCP right now.

What people are doing is they're having the TikTok MCP or TikTok Ads Library hooked up,

and then every morning they set up a Cloud project or an automation to go look at the top trending ads

and they'll just go dump the script and the transcript and all the key frames in the

and then just reverse engineer everything.

And so yeah, I definitely think that we are conducive to that workflow.

And it's kind of scary what you can do with the tooling of today.

But yeah, 100% we can support that right now.

Interesting.

Last question.

What's your stance on taste?

Taste?

Oh, this is a hot take actually.

I don't think there is a there is taste when it comes to like UX.

I think UX is like obviously you have to make it conducive to how a user perceives like

the screen and like what the user experience should look like.

But I don't think there's such thing as slop in terms of creative content.

You know, there's a reason why Tung Tung Tung Tung-Sahur has billions of views on the

internet.

Yeah, maybe it's like considered AI slop, but like people find it entertaining.

And like, who's to say that you decide what good creatives are?

If people find entertaining and they want to watch it and they find joy in it, then like,

who are we to stop that?

And which is why we want to say like, hey, we don't want to bottleneck you on these like

workflow constraints or these resources.

if you have imagination, you think it's funny and you want to make it, go do it on Mellius.

Love it.

Yeah, taste, like, if something is tasteful or performant, like, they can sometimes be the same thing,

but very often they're not.

Yeah.

Yeah, at the same time, some of these AI slop projects are tasteful in the sense that, like,

the person that he created them or had the idea for a particular character,

they expose their taste in coming up with the concept.

And then yes, it is, you know, slop, generative AI video that might have odd, you know, bugs in the, and hallucinations.

But they are expressing their taste.

And like, I think people want to see this cat dance or whatever.

Yeah, of course.

Do you guys, do you guys do the hotel lobby trend a couple weeks ago?

Yeah, that's the offset and quavo.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, do you think that was tasteful?

I thought that was fucking hilarious.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I thought a lot of that stuff was, was funny.

Wait, what did you just say?

Sorry.

Sorry, I asked you guys before, I was like in the email.

I was like, hey, guys, is there something I shouldn't say?

And I didn't know.

Okay, that's nice.

Anyway.

Congratulations to you and the team.

Congratulations on the fundraise.

Only, only, you know, only maybe 10 more raises to eclipse your former employer.

But, you know.

You're on the wrath.

You're on the path.

Just 2X every month forever and you'll be there.

There we go.

Right.

No, I respect them.

They did an amazing job.

I look up to them for sure.

Awesome.

Have a great rest of your day.

Congratulations.

And we'll talk to you.

Goodbye.

What's the only thing faster than the AI market, your business on MongoDB.

MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

We have Rick Dungy from the National Christmas Tree Association, the executive director,

coming on TVPA.

Hi, you're going to the show.

There are 79 days until Christmas, and around here, we absolutely love Christmas, and we wanted to talk to an expert.

And so I would love for you, thank you for taking the time.

I would love for you to introduce yourself and the organization.

And then I'm sure we'll have a ton of questions, but let's start with an introduction on yourself.

Rick Dongey, so I've actually started working with Christmas tree farmers in 1998.

Whoa.

Yeah, I know.

So I've been around, I can remember going to my very first conference of tree farmers and did a lot of farm tours.

You know, it was a steep learning curve.

I didn't know anything about it.

I was a PR nonprofit management guy.

But once you start going to tree farms and you hear them talk about what they got to do to actually grow trees that you put in your living room, you know, it's kind of cool.

There's guys out there swinging big knives and they got tractors and they got.

trees growing in places you wouldn't think they could actually grow a crop.

So yeah, it's been a steep learning curve, but I've been around them a long time,

and it's quite a fascinating thing to grow Christmas trees.

What are the different categories of like growers?

I'm well aware.

I grew up going to a Christmas tree farm that was half a mile from my house,

and they grew all the trees there.

And then I moved to the big city, and I started going to places that sold Christmas trees,

and I was like, wait, I felt like Buddy the Alph, I was like, wait, you guys aren't growing Christmas trees here?

What's going on?

Sure, sure.

Shipping them in from, I'm sure, all over North America.

But I would love to understand the shape of the market.

So according to the USDA, there actually are Christmas tree farms in all 50 states, including Hawaii.

Now, a lot of those are going to be small.

Many farms are what we call cut your own or choose and cut like you described, where you actually go to a low.

farm and cut down your own tree. That accounts for about 18% of all the trees sold in the U.S.

all the rest of them are pre-cut. So they're grown in larger systems, larger farms on more acreage.

And they're cut and sent to other retail markets and sold as pre-cut trees. We call that wholesale.

So there's either a wholesale or cut your own. Those are really the two main types of farms that you can

And for the pre-cut, where, what states or regions are those most commonly grown?

Like, is there a place where we could fly a plane and just see Christmas trees for miles?

As far as the eye can see?

Yeah, Oregon, the Northwest.

Oregon is the number one producer.

They harvest about six million trees annually in the state of Oregon.

North Carolina, the western mountains of North Carolina, once you get up over about 1,000 feet of elevation, they have big farms.

So the Appalachian areas of Western North Carolina, Western Virginia, and in all the Great Lakes states, Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, New York, all the way up through New England and Maine.

Those are the main big production areas.

That's where you're going to find most of your bigger wholesale farms that are selling pre-cut trees.

And what type of work do growers need to do around, like, demand planning and forecasting?

I know it feels like there's in the same way that you see trends in.

fashion, there's trends in Christmas trees.

But I don't know how much it fluctuates.

There was a war in Christmas recently.

So that probably affected me.

But I think we won the war.

We won.

In some people's minds, I suppose that's true.

Yeah, so the thing is that trees are grown like as any other crop.

You plant them in the spring and you harvest them in the fall.

Really the main difference is you don't get an annual.

yield. So what you plant in the spring is not ready for harvest for anywhere from four to 12 years,

depending on how big you want it, where you're growing, what species you're growing. Some species

of conifers simply grow faster than others. In the south, some of the southern Christmas tree farms,

they can get a tree up to six foot in like four years. But on average, it takes about six to eight

years to get one up to six, seven foot, which is the most common size. So that's really the main

difference. And so as a farmer, in addition to all the other things that every farmer has to be an

expert on soil chemistry, entomology, you've got to be a bug expert, a soil expert, you've got to

understand nutrient levels, all these sorts of things, but you also have to be really good at

managing your inventory, because what you put in the ground is not going to be ready to sell

until six, seven, eight years down the road. And so you've got to be thinking about what does the

market look like eight years from now.

Yeah, that impacts how many trees I'm putting in the ground.

Yeah, I can imagine, I don't know when it happened, but at some point, these Christmas

trees that are sort of like sparse, you know, that leveled out, I forget the exact name,

became a lot more popular, it feels like, in the last couple years.

Do you're about double spurs?

I don't know.

Anyway, I'll try to, I'll try to find the exact name.

But either way, it's very, a demand planning process where you're having to predict out seven or eight years in the future is almost impossible.

Not just how many American households will be buying Christmas trees, but also which ones they will be leaning towards.

Yeah.

And then how lean are these farming operations?

Like I imagine if you're making a product that effectively, you know, you're only selling one eighth of your crop every single year.

Yeah.

They have to be staffed in a pretty, like, lean way.

Yeah, so most of the smaller farms that are going to sell trees, you know, one at a time, cut your own style.

Many of them have also supplemented revenue with other types of revenue streams.

Ag retainment is sort of a catch-off phrase.

So, you know, they sell pumpkins in the fall.

They sell hay rides.

They've got all these other things and activities.

So it's really more of an all-day-long entertainment kind of a thing.

The tree is just also you happen to get while you're there.

So those types of farms have really been able to maximize profits by finding other revenue streams.

For a wholesaler, it's about scale.

Sure.

Yeah.

So, you know, and shipping is going to impact your margins, of course, because you have to get trees from where you're growing them to where your retail customers are.

And some of them sell trees just on the, you might know the right term.

So if you have a scanning system, you put a barcode on there.

the retail outlet will scan a tree as they sell it at POS, but they only pay for the ones that

actually sell.

So any trees that don't sell, the farmer doesn't get any revenue for.

So that can be tough also.

So it's really a matter of scale for most wholesale farmers.

Finding the right retail buyers that have the right type of market that are going to be

able to effectively sell the trees that you're growing and you're sending to that retail

customer.

For many, many decades, your organization has supplied the Chris

tree for the White House blue room, what goes into that selection process? I imagine it's one of the

highest stakes, highest pressure kind of moments of the year presenting that tree. There's a lot on the

line going into that selection. Yeah, interesting timing because we just had a Zoom meeting this

morning with the staff from the visitor's office at the White House about when it has to be there and

all the process you've got to go through and anything. Yeah, so,

I try to make sure and point out that not to put too fine of a point on it,

but it is really good for our industry,

for our growers,

to be able to tell people hundreds of millions of people every year

that at the White House,

at the People's House,

their decorations center around a farm-grown real Christmas tree,

not a plastic toilet bowl brush from China.

I think that's a really important thing to point out.

I take it shots.

It's great.

Love it.

I didn't realize that we had an enemy here.

There is a war on the plastic toilet brush free.

We can't be doing that.

I like this.

This is great.

Yeah.

Yeah, we like to promote the actual real thing that farmers grow.

Yeah.

So, yeah, to win that contest is hard.

It's a national tree contest.

We hold it every other year.

Growers actually bring a tree from their farm.

That is the best example of a tree that they can grow.

They have to win their state contest first to qualify for the national contest.

The national contest has a two-stage scoring system.

It's hard.

It's really difficult to win.

By the time, if you become a grand champion and get to supply and present the official

White House Christmas tree since 1966, so we're on a 60-year tradition now, if you get to

that level, what you can do is you can tell people, I am an expert at what I do, and there's

no question about it.

It really is sort of the pinnacle of being and having the knowledge skills and abilities

to grow a really good Christmas tree.

Do, uh, how early is a grower get in the sense that they might have a championship tree on their hands?

Like by year three or four, are they kind of feeling like, hey, this thing's on the right trajectory.

I might have, you know, a real contender here.

Yeah.

You get, you get a wide variety of answers, but a lot of the growers that I've talked to that do compete,

um, we'll say that they pick out about 15 or 20 potential trees on their farm.

once they're at about four or five feet tall,

once they're that tall, they start shearing,

you know,

and trimming the branch of the tree,

making it grow the way that they want it to.

But also by that time,

by the time it's about five foot tall,

it starts exhibiting the characteristics,

the traits that you're looking for,

straight branching, fast upward growth,

good needle coverage around all sides.

So, yeah, a lot of them will start identifying potential contest trees

as early as four or five years before.

The trees that are into the contest,

have to be between six and eight feet tall.

So, yeah, two, three years out, they start identifying potential contest winners that they can take.

Amazing, I figured.

What is how, you know, we're headed into the Christmas season for us here on our show.

We started our Christmas countdown, you know, weeks ago.

But when is, like, the optimal time to head to the farm to get your Christmas tree, whether you're going for a pre-cut or your local farm?

I imagine there's a window where supply is starting to arrive or they're kind of opening up the good stuff to customers.

I feel like the whole don't get your tree until after Thanksgiving is kind of maybe fake news.

I don't know.

Well, the real Christmas, the real Christmas enjoyers know that that, but too early I think could be a bad thing.

Okay.

Well, let's hear from the expert.

Yeah, I mean, there's going to be a wide range of time.

that a cut harvested tree can maintain its moisture level and it's look good and not drop a bunch of needles.

Once it's inside of a home, part of it is where it's grown.

You know, trees that come from the north are hardened off.

They go into a state of dormancy long before they're harvested.

And so they can absorb a lot of moisture.

I mean, I've had people constantly tell me that their trees stays fresh all the way through February.

I would probably stick to four, maybe five weeks at the most.

for most people.

And that's even if they're taking really good

test. We've got to put it to the test.

We're going to be. We're going to keep it alive.

I was thinking to go on this weekend.

We've been having too much fun with it.

Tree, actual tree care once the trees installed

in your house. I've never known if it works that much.

I feel like just respecting the tree, giving the tree some love.

That feels like it goes a long way.

How much should you be supplementing the tree, the water, all that stuff?

Two basic things.

It really was down to two simple basic things.

One, you want to cut a small piece off the trunk before you get it in water.

Quarter inch, half inch.

It doesn't have to be that much.

And the reason that you do that is it opens up the plant tissue that absorbs water molecules.

If it's exposed to air for long periods of time, it won't be able to absorb water.

and then just simply add water to it every single day water simple water you don't have to add anything

else just simple water okay my team just reminded me that it's october 6th and we're maybe a little bit

ahead of the curve here but i do i do want to ask you about what you just had to leave uh i do want to

ask you like what what what what questions are you getting from farmer

as the head of the National Tree Christmas Tree Association,

are they pushing you to negotiate tariffs on imported plastic trees?

At what level can they engage with you as a liaison to the government,

to other businesses, to each other even?

What else is top of mind for your organization?

What value do you bring to the community?

Yeah, so our main mission for the members and for the,

industry is a role of protection and advocacy.

Okay.

And sometimes that does actually involve, we work on issues like ag wage rate, you know,

how much you got to pay, like Bruce on the farms.

We do work on tariff issues occasionally.

Recently, the two main importers of fake plastic green toilet bro brushes

asked for an exemption on their product from the U.S. trade rate.

I feel like nobody's getting an exception.

I feel like everyone's paying crazy tariffs now.

That's ridiculous.

Well, what was crazy is their reasoning for it.

They said there's no alternative American product,

so they have to import them from China.

And our answer to the U.S. trade rep was, well, actually,

there is an American alternative.

It's a real tree.

Yeah, it's a real tree.

Yeah, come on.

Yeah, that's a great response.

Okay.

And we were successful in that.

They did not get an exemption from the Section 308.

Wow.

Yeah.

So lots of those issues.

And I would tell you,

you mentioned growers communicating with others.

I've been involved with other ag industries throughout my career also.

And one thing I can tell you about Christmas tree farmers is they're really,

really good at communicating with each other, at sharing knowledge, sharing expertise,

sharing experiences.

They don't, even though they're technically competing against each other, you know,

they're all selling trees and they all want to sell trees.

But it's more like local, right?

and they're very open about telling each other,

here's what worked at my farm, here's what didn't work.

Yeah.

They're very good about sharing knowledge so that they all become better growers.

That's really cool.

It sounds like a fantastic community.

I know we're having fun because it's October and we're very excited.

How can people help?

Is there, like, is it all funded by the industry?

Buy a real Christmas tree.

Well, yeah, yeah.

That's obviously number one.

But our audience doesn't need to hear that.

Okay, sure.

Is it all funded by industry or can people donate?

Oh, yeah. Is this not a problem?

How can people help?

Yeah, so we're a C6 organization.

So we're a membership association, members pay dues to belong.

The other thing that I would mention, if I can get a shameless plug in here.

Please, plug away.

The Tree Association back in 2005 started a charity called the Christmas Spirit Foundation.

And the main program that that foundation runs is called Trees for Troops,

where we donate Christmas trees every year to military bases to give out to families

and the armed forces.

Trees for Troops.org, you can donate to that charity.

That's a C3 charity.

We are now entering our 22nd consecutive year.

In 21 years, that program has given out more than 347,000 free Christmas trees to military bases all over the world.

That's amazing.

We will be making a donation today.

We will be doing matching donations for employers.

These are more popular than ever in tech.

So do everything you can.

Thank you so much for taking time to chat with us.

And we will be, we're keeping the Christmas spirit alive in technology.

And thank you for breaking this down for us.

We want record Christmas tree sales in Silicon Valley this holiday season.

That's right.

Across the country, but everywhere, really.

Thank you so much for taking this time.

Yeah, great to meet, Rick.

That's what I like to hear.

All right.

Goodbye.

Cheers.

Your business is AI, their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

We got Dylan Field, the CEO of the CEO of the president of

public company coming on.

We've been keeping him waiting.

We've been keeping him waiting.

We're very excited to have

Dylan Field and Sigma, of course.

Welcome back to the show.

We were having a lot of fun

with the head of the National Christmas

Tree Association. I heard

part of it, and it was funny because

I was just thinking that Christmas came early. We launched

Sigma Design Agent today, so

there you got. There you go.

Thank you. That was fantastic.

On that, I think that's

appropriate.

To that.

Okay.

The presents are under the tree.

Okay.

I think we have enough, we have enough Christmas and nonsense.

Tell us more about the product launch.

Take us a click deeper, please.

I mean, it's been awesome.

We've been working on this for a while.

We've had the beta going and just been hill climbing.

The team has done an incredible job.

Yeah.

Not just working with our own verse party models,

frontier models,

but also really thinking about

how do we make this great for our users?

And so much more to do.

But at today's launch, you'll see that the Figma agents faster, higher quality.

It has better ability to deal with context across your files.

And more overall agentic capability.

I would say it's improved quite a bit on design systems.

We still have more room to go on all the dimensions, definitely design systems too.

But really broad of the launch and finding myself really,

enjoying using the Figma agent on the canvas. And I think as we think about just kind of where it all

goes, there's so much that you can do in the canvas. It's not the case that, you know, the non-developers,

the designers, the PMs feel at home in the terminal and the IDE. I don't think text is the

final representation of everything. I love text. I don't think that that's it. And I believe that we're

going to find more ways to go build software and use these amazing reasoning models to be part

of that process, so not the entire thing.

Are you, it's humans agents together, you know?

Are you generally, through this process, yeah, I mean, you're building an agent that is

going to excel at one discipline and not be a AGI model, right?

And so I'm wondering if you have a broader philosophy around, around ensemble.

of models. I mean, we've seen the Decisions API, Jev. There's like smaller models for different

purposes. And you can imagine this future where you're actually using more models, more models.

I've been, for a long time, I was like, actually, let's get rid of the model picker. Just give me

one thing. And maybe that happens. And there's an abstraction layer on top of some of these tools.

But it does feel like there's a ton of value in having a team research scientist, AI researchers,

focused on a particular discipline, shine the IOSOR on something,

and go and deliver a great product that then can be the right tool for the job.

But are you in a world where you're applying your lessons here to like the shape of

AI as a tool broadly?

Or is this a unique design thing?

Super intelligence.

It's, you know, it's the goal.

No, I'm joking.

No, man.

We're trying to make the best design agent to empower designers.

We are not trying to replace designers.

We're trying to make it so they are maximally empowered in their work,

which does mean helping them make PRs, helping them go even further with their work,

helping them get all the context they need to go make decisions.

And it says so happened that like after all this time building Figma,

the team really does understand the needs of designers.

and what we need to do to go achieve that.

And I think that is just as much a part of the special sauce over time.

And so, yeah, I'm very, very excited about what we can do here

and also how the loops that we have in the product and the data available

to be able to work with.

In addition to just kind of like this very, you know, singular focus of how to make the best thing for design.

and the best thing for designers to use every day and make them more efficient.

I think that is really nice to have that focusing power.

And also, you know, you don't want to be in this mindset of your fighting against bitter lesson.

You want to get the advantages of the general models, the ways they've been trained on all sorts of things, associations they've made.

And you want to make us that you're really good at design.

Yeah.

Yeah, I mean, it feels like part of the challenge as a design company is, is you don't have the luxury of being able to produce slop, even at anywhere at the same rate as some of these other companies where, like, they might be offering a bunch of things and they're not, like, their whole brand is not built around, like, design quality and taste and, and, you know, precision.

And so they can just make something that, like, only 5% of the time, it's actually.

like decent and that's enough. Whereas I think for, so I guess like do you feel like, do you feel

like you have to hold the team to a higher bar in terms of what products are shipable? Because

like a new YC company can be like, hey, we made a design agent, like you should try it. And if people

even have like an okay time with it, they'll be like more excited about it. Whereas your community,

again has like much higher than average taste level capabilities all these different things

I think there's a bunch of points in there and it's like they're all interesting

the maybe we'll start with just the overall setup that we have and what we're really

caring about for this product which is we don't again we're not trying to replace designers

we're trying to empower them and as we think about that what does that mean well it means that

But as you're trying to get something in your head onto the canvas, we've talked this before, you might be aided by prompting.

And also, it might be the case that that's just the starting point.

You might have to do more work.

And that requires more integration with a global system of Figma.

And so you kind of have to teach the models Figma first and make it so they can understand how to go and work with Figma as well as do good design work.

But I think that right now, you'll probably see just as much on the Slavs side across all products in AI.

I hope you'll see less in Figma.

We are working to make it so that there's less and less and less and better and higher quality results.

But also, it's tastes as a wild thing in that different people in different domains have different definitions.

And so the ultimate is how do we make sure that we can understand what you're going for and give it to you?

How are you thinking about interfacing with AI as a top of funnel?

I think everyone saw the Blender moment when everyone was modeling everything in their world in Blender.

And the AI community and AI enthusiast community was downloading and installing Blender.

And it feels like there's immense value if you can be, you know, a button there or even just the top of funnel agent says,

hey, you've been working on this business idea.

I did the first draft of a logo, but you should take this much further.

Why don't I hand off to Figma get you set up there, even pass along credit card details?

Like there could be a really deep integration, but then there's always difficulties on where the value accrues and whatnot.

How have you been dealing with those potential tradeoffs in an increasingly AI agentic top of funnel world?

Well, first and foremost, we want to always be learning from the ecosystem.

And I think that's essential.

The ecosystem sometimes in these moments evolve so quickly that when you start to see everything come in, it's like, wow, there are so many ways that we can work with other companies.

or other models or different setups here.

You know, sometimes it's the case you're like, wow, yeah, I predicted that like five years ago.

And other times it's more of, I did not predict this at all.

This is a second or third order effect.

Whoa.

And I think that if you don't understand what people are trying to do, you can't build for them.

And also you need to work well with the ecosystem in order to make all these new routes possible.

And there's complex questions that you've mentioned around where does value live?

Where is it accrue?

I think that some of those, there's a category of questions where there are not clear answers

and it's not clear there will be clear answers.

There's other categories where I think that actually the way the space will evolve is more clear.

And so you also have to have, I think, some macro bets about the way things will play out over time,

but not get stuck in your head.

How are you thinking about motion graphics?

I feel like we've seen some cool one-shot at demos.

I've done enough motion graphics and after effects to know that it does need to be pixel perfect.

And sometimes you need to make small changes.

And doing that via text would be extremely cumbersome.

And so it feels like there's an increasing opportunity there for web-based, node-based,

AI-enabled, MCP-enabled tooling.

what's the current state of the strategy there?

How do you see the motion graphics discipline evolving?

I think that the way we'll see motion graphics evolving

is parallel to all these other areas too,

which is when you're facing a blank canvas or a blank page,

it is hard to get started.

The sooner that you can kind of build to think,

get something out onto the canvas,

whether that's through design or it's even in a sketchbook

or you're doing something with a coding model.

That is good.

It helps you get over that initial hurdle,

and then from there you can react to it

and go, okay, what do I want to tweak?

What do I want to change?

How do I make this mine?

And how do I make this my vision?

And software ultimately is just amazing creative medium.

And we don't want the center of the distribution for everything.

We don't want everything to converge to the mean.

Ryo, who was previously a cursor and recently left

after they were bought by SpaceX.

He had this amazing post recently

where he talked about some of these ideas.

And I think that Weave is another area for Figma

where we're really trying to figure out

how to help people do this,

both use models, get all the power from them,

but still apply their own judgment, creativity, taste,

and really shape it the model outputs like Clay

rather than just trying to go for the one shot.

The one shot's rarely where you want to land.

and end up.

Give us your design review

of the new American passport.

Do you like the previous version

or the current version more

which passport speaks to you?

The new version I really like.

I think that, you know,

beautiful cover and then I love

the way that as you flip through it,

the Eagle animates.

We didn't even get to that.

Yeah, yeah, there's a flipbook involved,

which is...

I hope I'm exploring something.

No, no, I did see that, but we didn't.

We were just looking at the front.

And the front seemed like a very, a very moderate iteration.

There was some debate on our team about the kerning on the word passport.

Tyler's not a fan of it.

This is too controversial for me.

Let's go back to AI.

Yep.

Where do you, feels like people on the timeline have been doing Figma's marketing for you in some ways, where every other day there's somebody like, if you send me an AI,

generated slide deck, I won't even take the meeting.

Oh, yeah.

And I'm wondering.

No, I've been saying that for a long time.

I've been saying that for a long time.

Just because I think you should be thinking about, you know, if there's a sea of just

sameness, being able to prove to people that you can think differently, stand out,

have a unique point of view, opinion, all these different things.

You know, I would, in a sea of AI generated decks, I would almost rather see like a

clear obvious Google slides template because that is signaling hey I I don't I

don't actually care about design at this very moment but I care about showing that

I communicated you know words very clearly what I'm trying to do and and the

problem with AI generated decks is that every single slide I'm second

guessing how deeply did you think about what you're communicating is I don't

want to I don't want to I don't want to spend time trying to process and evaluate

somebody and they're thinking if it's possible they weren't thinking at all.

I think that's a great way to put it and have really been kind of on this thread myself with our team.

You know, I'm at some point recently I kind of gave some guidance to the team around AI writing, for example.

And I thought about a lot.

It was a post that I kind of had queued for, I don't know, three weeks or something.

I kept rewriting it, ironically.

Because I thought this is a really important to communicate.

Like, we can't just ban AI writing in the company.

Then we're not empathizing with, like, everyone else that's in tech.

And everyone else that's, like, using our software.

At the same time, I think that there's degradation of trust that can happen as you have

all these folks interacting across the company and people are second guessing.

Did you even read what you're asking me to read?

Did you think through this?

And because of that, I came up with this whole sort of rule for Figma, which is, let's just have it be that you put written with AI at the top of messages where there's AI writing of any kind.

And, you know, if you're using AI to like spell check essentially, proofread and you change a word, I don't care.

If you write the whole thing with AI or there's a good paragraph in there, yeah, just put it right with AI.

It's easy.

No big deal.

And that way we can trust that if you're sending something, you care about it and you've thought through it.

And I think that in general, people should not give up on their own thinking.

They cannot give that to the model.

And I see so many people that are essentially looking for the shortcut, trying to make it so that they can have,

maybe less than Figma, more outside of Figma, but folks are eager for the model to automate for them.

for them, the model to think for them.

And I think that the more important thing you can do is to actually use the model to learn

to try things you wouldn't have tried before, to be more daring, and to kind of expand

possibilities rather than contract them.

And I don't think, I think it's good to have default skepticism, not because there's,

models are all bad or something.

That's not what I'm saying.

But rather because if you're default skeptical,

then you will understand better how models work, what to use them for and what not to use them for.

And you'll get better results. So, yeah, I'm all about thinking.

Yeah, I've noticed in the process of making decks, like my best decks always the outline took like 20 minutes max where I just like actually had clarified.

Like you want to, there's there's increased clarity that comes from trying to communicate an idea or a company or a product or a

launch or a campaign, like you're going to naturally get more clarity on the topic as you

explain it in a way that is sort of logical and has a consistent narrative. And then there's times

that I've opened this sort of my like deck outline in Figma that I've shared at this point

with like over probably 100 founders, right? Because I spend so much time on this. I have example

slides for each slide and, you know, structuring and all this stuff.

And there's been times I've landed in that, and I'm just wrestling with it for hours and hours and hours, not making progress.

And two things are usually happening.

One, it's just a bad idea.

Or two, I don't understand it.

I just don't understand it well enough.

Or there's just, like, something fundamentally broken.

And so when people go to AI first for something as important as, like, communicating your company, like, you're robbing yourself of, like, one, that sort of, you're sort of.

that sort of check and balance of, do I actually understand this deeply?

Does the thing that I'm presenting makes sense?

And you're sort of accelerating to the next step, which is pitching the thing.

And the last thing you want to go do is pitch an idea to a bunch of smart people

that is not well thought through.

That doesn't make sense.

And so you're like saving that time of like wrestling with the idea, but then wasting all this,

wasting even more time and wasting other people's time trying to communicate something

that doesn't make sense.

I mean, you can't explain something you don't know it yet.

I think is the basic rule I always have gone by, and that's pre-AI too.

I don't know it, but my assistant knows it.

You can just talk to the model now.

You don't even need to talk to me.

There's also the flip side of not just the, do you understand this, can you explain it?

but also like one of the things that no one knows yet that we all need to explore and you know that can't be fully understood and i think that um mystery in the world and sort of like the the ways that you feel just when you encounter something that's that's really novel new um or or as a angle on something that exists but just is it's fresh um those are magic moments

and I think that in general there's an opportunity right now to lean more into mystery

in a time when everything's becoming a bit less mysterious.

Yeah, that's interesting.

Mike drop.

I love it.

That's a good place to end because I have follow-up questions to that.

Encouragement of mystery, but you can just leave it in this sort of dramatic pause.

Yeah, leave it mysterious.

Leave it.

Great to see you, Dylan.

Thank you.

Congrats to the team on the launch.

Have a great rest of your day.

We'll talk to you soon.

Goodbye.

We have the founder of Inchi and the CEO, founder and CEO, Hardik Kabaria is in the waiting room.


---


Let's bring him in to the TV.

It's time.

Here he is.

Hey, hey, how are you guys doing?

I'm doing well.

Welcome.

We're doing great.

We've had a wide-ranging show today.

Nice conversation with Dylan, head of the National Christmas Tree Foundation.

as well. It's been all over the place. Did you make it through that interview?

No, no, no. You actually broke. It took me to deep water. One of us is a professional and the other

one's an amateur. You can go watch. As it gets closer to Christmas, go watch our interview with

Rick, the head of the National Christmas Street Foundation. But today we're here to talk about

your business. But why don't you introduce yourself and then we'll get into the company.

Sure. Yeah. My name is Haddick. I co-founder of C.L. Winchie.

My background is Technico, physics and geometry software.

I've been in that space for some time and started Winchee three years ago.

Cool.

Yeah, a PhD at Stanford and eight years of carbon, what were you doing at carbon?

What, actually, I'm not, there's a few businesses I wanted to know more about carbon specifically and how it set you up to this.

Yeah, carbon is a 3D printing company.

I was the Sequoara Silver Lake Back Company.

After my PhD, I was looking for something that can use geometry, but also,

closer to the real parts.

Sure.

So joined as a software engineer.

I was there for 8 years.

I was a VP of software for the last couple years.

So shipped software on manufacturing flows.

In Asia, in Eastern Europe, in U.S., Mexico.

So it gave me a lot of perspective on how software can help hardware.

Yeah.

So narrow in on the current mission.

Semiconductor design, semiconductor engineering.

I notice you're expanding into like vehicles, aircraft, satellites, memory.

Those are similar problems, but it feels like there's enough money being made like narrowly in

semiconductors.

So I'm interested in the overall strategy and the level of abstraction you're operating at.

So I'll start with something very basic, which is physics.

Everything that is around us where there is human-made parts, nature-made parts,

it'll be governed by lots of physics.

Lots of physics are universal.

So something as simple, energy will always be energy out, momentum balance, and so on.

Any part we design, we care about physics because ultimately the parts, we start behaving

in the real world.

And if they don't perform the way you expect it to perform, well goes to hell, right?

What are we building is a foundation model for physics.

And how it's meaningful, let's say you create thousands of design ideas.

If you cannot grade them with physics, it will be very hard to pick.

which one's right.

So, prefix is the compilation layer for hardware.

Sure.

It's been manual.

With our product, we are making it automatic and scalable.

Now, this applies to semiconductor, high bandwidth memory.

It also applies to satellite.

But when the scope is this big, you're going to start extremely focused somewhere.

So we said, why don't we pick thermal problems in semiconductor and electronics?

And we build a software that allows our users to do it and ship it.

Yeah.

And, you know, make it true.

and then we expand.

So that's where we are.

What is the sales process for a semiconductor company these days?

Because I feel like they have something that's working so well.

I thought the only job they had was make more of the thing that everyone wants and raise prices.

But they have time to implement new software solutions for third-party vendors?

That's a good question, right.

So you're asking, so first it's top-down sets.

You cannot go to these large, large companies and say I changed one engineer's mind.

I mean, I would say good freaking luck.

If you have to convince a VP saying that, hey, this is something you should try.

And it's working for us.

So now to the second question, do they have time to try out like, who are we?

I'm not even from semiconductor.

Why would they even give me a time of the day?

I've never worked in semiconductor industry before.

The problem is so acute that if you can really help them, it matters.

So we start our sales process with asking what matters to you and answer is consistently the same thing.

time to market and performance.

I do not want to miss my time to market.

I have to launch a new chip, new product at CES, end of the year, and it better be performing.

And we work with the most complex parts people are making.

I went with memory.

CPU, GPU, right?

And their thermal problems are so acute that the existing tooling doesn't take them there.

So if you can really be more accurate, higher fidelity, automatically, they are definitely

interesting trying it.

Okay, so maybe a month ago at this point, we had the Navier Stokes moment and it was very cool for people within the tech space.

There was a lot of excitement, but average people, like if you tell them, we use a computer to solve the math problem.

You know, they're not going to be super, it didn't like, it didn't feel like it moved the market is another way to put it.

Yeah.

my question for you is like how how are there a bunch of other moments like that happening at like a micro level within businesses where they're using models and they're having breakthroughs but they're not raising their hand and saying like basically just publishing that because it actually is like can become IP yes so I would say that it's we have been deployed commercially for some time so I'm going to ask you a question from I'm going to start answering

question from there. So they would in this company is the IP sensitivity, who they work with,

they are extremely private and secure about it. So they get start using a new vendor, new tool,

new method, and they want to keep it to themselves. And that's the style of the industry,

which it helps us, it hurts us, but I would say we are part of the ecosystem. So I like to go

and meet customers where they are. So I would go for us to say, even it's embedded in our deployment.

We do on-prem deployment and we make our product work with zero forward deployed engineers.

Extreme data privacy.

We'll meet you where you are, make sure our software is useful to you, and then sort of doesn't matter.

What helps us is the industry is so small that everybody talks to each other, wink-wing, that's fine by me.

On the data side, simultaneously, the laws of physics are completely open source, but the actual-

design, the actual design of

semiconductors. It's not.

It is extremely well guarded.

I personally discovered physics with

FD, but I haven't, you know,

but now it's in the training data.

But you see what I'm saying. Like, you have

the most easy to implement

widely, look it up in any

physics textbook, and then you have

the stuff that, you know, is

sent from NVIDIA to TSMC

and is not making it to the open web.

It's not in the pre-training data.

So is there a gap to close

Are you hiring semiconductor designers to build RL environments for you?

Like what actually moves the needle?

Or is just the laws of physics?

Is that enough?

So the laws of physics is enough, actually.

Because the laws of physics inside the firewall of DSMC is exactly the same as outside of the firewall of DSMC.

I am yet to meet a company that invented physics, and I don't think I'll meet them.

and we have trained a model on the laws of physics and in time of usage it will it will produce an answer that abides by it so if that's the case we don't need to know the designs that nvedia micron tsmc Samsung are working on that's why we deploy and we make it work out of the box sure does it mean we have to so we are today training on petabyte of data yeah and we will go to 10x 100x over the next couple of quarters so what is the expansion so the

expansion is from thermal to thermo-mechanical to electromagnetic.

So basically cover every physics modality that people can write equations about.

So to the point earlier made, there is something new physics that somebody is going to discover.

We haven't numbered it that.

But the discoverable physics is a freaking fair game.

Well, congratulations and thank you so much for coming on the show.

Hit the gong.

Oh, yes.

Massive fundraise.

250.

Who came into the round?

Quarter bell.

Thank you.

Thank you.

I appreciate it.

Thanks.

Advent, Tamek, and others.

Wow.

Amazing progress.

Coastal Ventures.

AMD.

Yes.

Only three years in.

And AMD and applied materials as well.

Amd.

And APD and applied two corporate ventures.

Amazing.

Amazing.

Well, congratulations and thank you so much.

Great to meet you.

And congrats to the team on the mile soon.

We'll talk to you later.

Have a good one.

Appreciate it.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Goodbye.

Well, I think there was a massive of this festival show.

Massive.

That was a hilarious interview.

I learned a lot genuinely.

And not Vinci.

Oh, yes.

I'm going back to the Christmas tree one.

To be clear.

Yeah, that was one of the tougher moments on the show for me.

I was trying to look at the monitor.

The team was not helping.

The team was, the team was making my life.

I was in a dark place.

And I couldn't keep it together.

And I had to run off the set.

The team sent also.

And then Nick ran out behind me.

He was, he was.

And the team sent this meme of the sitting forward.

And that was just the death of me at the time.

It was rough.

It was a good time.

But we learned a lot.

And that's not the end of our Christmas programming, folks.

We got more Christmas-related guests coming on the show.

You didn't ask.

We didn't listen.

Yeah.

It's good stuff.

No, it's actually fascinating.

No, it's so interesting.

It's genuinely like...

Being in a business where you're making something that you're going to sell in eight years is like an incredible challenge.

Oh, totally.

Yeah.

And yeah.

And competing in a market where there's a war on your industry.

It's true.

Yeah, I mean, there really is.

Once he kind of broke down the tariff perspective, it makes a lot more sense.

Anyway.

And the only thing I didn't get to ask is, do you still hear the bells?

But I already knew the answer.

Of course he does.

Of course.

Of course he does.

We're going to be making a meaningful donation to their foundation.

And we encourage you to as well.

Remember, that is trees for troops.org.

This is financial advice.

This is financial advice.

Do it, yeah.

Thank you for tuning into TBPN today.

It's been an honor.

Fantastic show.

We'll see you tomorrow at 11th and Pacific.

I can't wait.

Leave us five stars on Apple Podcast and Spotify.

Sign up for our newsletter at TBPN.com and we will see you tomorrow.

Have a wonderful.

Time.