=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: All-In ===
Titel: All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg - The Fight Over Open Source AI, Anthropic's $1.5B Payout, NYC Socialists: Evictions = Violence?
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/all-in-with-chamath-jason-sacks-friedberg/the-fight-over-open-source-ai-anthropics-15b-payout-nyc-socialists-evictions-violence
Datum: 2026-07-27
Länge: ~98k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

All right, everybody, welcome back.

Episode 282 of the world's greatest podcast.

It's your podcaster's favorite podcast.

It's your mom's favorite podcast.

It's the All In podcast.

With me again, David Sachs from my pie up to you, David Freeberg.

It was a big week.

It was a big week.

The continuing number one story in the world is Kimmy K3.

It sparked a debate about banning Chinese open source models here in the United States.

and it's gone all the way to the White House last Friday. We talked about it here. China's Moonshot

AI released Kimmy K3, open source model, obviously. Performance on par. Not six months behind,

not 12 months behind, but now on par with models like Opus 4.8 and GPT 5.6, which in and of itself

is extraordinary, but about 50% cheaper. And this has created a bit of a panic similar to the

deek-seek moment that we had here back in early 2025.

The White House, David Sacks, has gotten involved.

Michael Cratios, friend of the show, said, quote,

we have information that moonshot AI distilled Anthropics fable

for the development of its K3 model.

Here's how the Trump administration has reacted so far.

Monday, Axios reported the White House was considering banning Chinese open source models.

A couple of weeks ago, David, I think it was three weeks ago.

I gave that to you as a hypothetical, and here we are.

On Wednesday, Wired reported that Howard Lutnik from our Commerce Department, friend of the show,

does not want to ban Chinese models.

So apparently, Pallas Intrigue, there might be different opinions inside Trump's White House.

And instead, they want to incentivize more U.S. frontier labs to develop better open source

models.

Polymarket says, 45% chance U.S. government bans an open source model in 2026.

That was a brand new market.

Started just, it was at 22% a couple days ago.

Sacks, you called it.

two months ago, our first victory fap of the episode.

I think where it's all leading to is an effort to ban open source models.

There's a lot of breadcrums leading here.

You look at a lot of the rhetoric around how models need to have guardrails and that with

open source models, the guardrails can be removed and therefore they're dangerous.

You see this rhetoric already in Anthropics blog posts.

Any threat that they describe, they kind of go out of their way to take that shot at open

source models. I think, again, they're trying to create ideas or put predicate facts in the public

record to justify an action later on. I think it's just a matter of time before they feel like

they're at a position where maybe they can push for that type of ban directly. All right,

there it is, Sacks. What's going on at the White House? What is the administration's position here?

Why are we getting multiple? Is the White House testing and probing to figure out?

out what their position is here, or is it just this is a super dynamic situation? What's going on?

Well, look, I mean, I have it on good authority that there is no decision by the White House

to ban open source models, and I think they want that known. I think there's an ongoing

conversation happening around what to do about Chinese distillation, and we should talk about

that. But no decision has been made, and the president listens to a chorus of voices. He wants

to get advice from as many people as possible. And I'm confident that if everybody weighs in,

that the president will make the right decision, as he always has with these tech issues.

I think his instincts have been absolutely impeccable on this. And he's always supported a,

let's say, lighter regulation, more open approach. And that's why I think the U.S. is winning

the AI race. So I think that's kind of where things stand.

Where do you stand? Where do you stand, sex? That's what everybody wants to know.

Yeah, I think it's important for me to make my opinion known in the spirit of, again, contributing

my voice so the president hears all perspectives and then can make the best decision. Look,

I think it would be a tragic mistake if the government were to take action against the open source

ecosystem. That would do nothing but hurt America's position in this AI race. It would backfire badly.

And I think that the key point here is that regardless of what you think about distillation,

you cannot punish American developers for it.

So, you know, you can't say that American companies and American developers can't use Chinese contributions to the public domain.

That's just cutting off our nose to spite our face.

I mean, obviously, American companies have to be able to use everything that's in the public domain

because the rest of the world will be using those things.

And let me just say, I've said for a while that Anthropic is guilty of regulatory capture of attempts to seek government protection.

This is a company that is the fastest growing tech company at scale in history.

They started the year at 10 billion of ARR.

They're now over 70 billion of ARR.

This is not a company that needs government protection.

This is not a company that is under threat from competitors or whether they're Chinese or otherwise.

And yet they have been very successful at trying to panic everybody into thinking that they need.

some sort of government protection. And the tell on this, the way that you know that this whole

distillation thing is fake is because if stopping distillation was their primary objective,

Anthropic would push to ban Chinese access to American models, not American access to Chinese

models. Yes, they could, and that is achievable. They could block it. So there are the ones in

the best position to block it. If distillation, if industrial-skilled distillation is a national security

threat, they're the ones who need to stop it because that is the place where distillation occurs.

You have to stop it at the source. Once you allow Chinese companies to distill, the horse is out of

the barn. Yeah. And the reality is that I think that what's happening here is that in their lusts

for growth, Anthropic has done a very poor job at stopping distillation. I mean, they're saying

that distillation is occurring at industrial scale. Okay, if it's industrial scale, it must be pretty

obvious to see. Yeah, the way it's happening is waves of accounts being created by students

rolled up and sold on the dark web, you know, in those kind of channels. So you got people in

Manila in the Philippines, I understand, and India signing up for all those accounts and then sending

them to the dark web and selling them using IP addresses from America. Yeah, so that's how it occurs.

But the more industrial scale it is, the more obvious it is to see.

And Chamoth has been saying for a while, why don't you KYC your customers?

Well, they know that if they KYC their customers, it'll slow their growth.

So instead, what they're saying is, hey, ban our competitors.

Well, that's ridiculous.

I mean, they're in the best position to stop the distillation.

I think that they're negligent about doing that.

Or, I mean, if they really think it's that big a threat, they should use a few points that

90% gross margins to do that. What you don't do is then say that American developers cannot

use everything that's in the public domain. So it seems to me that this debate is all backwards,

that the question should be on Anthropic to explain why it's doing such a bad job, not on the whole

American open source ecosystem to be punished for Anthropics failure.

All right. Freebreak, I have a really good question for you, but before we do that, Chamath,

Can you give me maybe a little bit of what you're hearing on your sales calls for 80, 90?

You're talking to enterprises.

They're hearing all these reports, whether it's you, Dario, this pod, other places talking about,

hey, open source is ready.

This is the moment.

Get control, AI sovereignty, et cetera.

They must be calling you up and saying, hey, okay, we're ready.

Like, how do we get these things on prem?

How do we do it?

So what's happening on those calls you're doing with the enterprise?

and then can you maybe give people an idea of what distillation is just and why it's so important

here? Let's start with the second thing. Distillation is when you fire up a model and you ask

it a question and you observe it and you take its output and you use that in training of your

own model. Now multiply that behavior by tens of millions and what you

exfiltrate is essentially trillions of questions and answers.

And SACS is right.

If you really care about distillation, you implement KYC.

You force people to make an account not just with a username and a password, but with

some form of identification, maybe with a bounded credit card.

There's all kinds of steps that you can take that would frankly slow things down.

in terms of revenue traction, but would solve the distillation problem on its face.

So that isn't really a thing. It's a bit of a red herring. The other thing on distillation is

everybody has at some point distilled. The question is, who is distilling from whom?

And it looks like that funny meme where there's like nine Spider-Men all pointing at each other.

That's what this is. Because Anthropic has distilled from all.

all of these publishers.

They just pay a $1.5 billion fine.

Apparently Open AI distilled from the New York Times.

They're still an ongoing lawsuit.

The Chinese labs have distilled from Anthropics.

It's wholesale stealing everywhere.

Yeah.

Well, I don't want to call it stealing because it's not clear who actually owns a copyright

in the first place.

But here should be the important observation.

These models are getting commoditized much faster than anybody thought.

and how do we know this?

Because there is no meaningful sustained advantage once a model publishes their performance

criteria.

What you see is literally within weeks other models, some open, some closed, some open weight,

who are able to match and in some cases exceed the performance.

So I think what's happening here is a handful of American companies have realized,

whoa, this value that we are seeing today may not be sustainable in a five and 10 year period.

And when you go and present a business model to Wall Street, you need to have that certainty.

Otherwise, it impacts your valuation.

And so I think a lot of what's happening right now, Jason, is a valuation preservation gain by the closed frontier labs.

Because if you actually understood how commoditized these things are becoming and the velocity at which it's happening,

you see that the real business model is not in the foundational model anymore.

It's at the application layer above and it's in the infrastructure below, whether that's the cloud

or whether that's chips.

And so I think in the absence of regulatory intervention and in the absence of the United

States government stepping in to put their thumb on the scale, what will happen is that

as people learn about how value is changing, they're going to put more value in the application

layer and more value in the infrastructure layer. That is bad for close frontier labs,

especially when they're mispriced 25 to 50x, the open alternative. And so this is an attempt

to stop a competitor that is of the same quality, but just much cheaper. Now, there's another

important thing here, which is if the United States government intervenes, it will tank the stock

market. Okay. Period. Not debatable. Now you can debate which companies get tanked.

and we can probably play that scenario out.

But for example, if they said no more open source, American companies cannot use open source.

Okay, let's just take at it from a stock perspective.

Let's take an average normal company, Coca-Cola.

Hey, Coca-Cola, you're trying to use AI to improve your business.

You know what?

You can only use these two options and those things cost 50 to 100 times more than your

other best alternative that you may use otherwise.

that will eventually show up in your costs because AI is supposed to be this incredible thing

that just kind of solves every problem and does everything for you. And so this incredibly

important input into your cost model is now orders of magnitude, multiples greater than your

competitors that are outside the United States, simply because you're in the United States.

So what would the capital markets do? They're going to say, wow, you have a crazy cost

structure. This doesn't make sense. You're forced to abuse.

absorb costs that aren't rational nor market driven. So then Coca-Cola has to get re-rated.

But then you look at the people who are selling those tokens, and this is where Anthropic and

Open AI need to understand. If the government comes in and actually tells you that there's

no open source, their valuation will crater. Why? Because all of that revenue is artificially

being propped up. It's not being driven by market demand where you're being forced to compete.

it's because of regulatory capture where you now get an artificial constraint, but it only works in one

market.

And so, anyways, all roads lead to market chaos.

Love it.

Yeah.

If anybody gets involved, so we should just not get involved.

What it sounds like is you're saying that American enterprises will pay a token tax if the

government gives Anthropic and Open AI a government-enforced duopoly.

Yeah.

And enterprises are no longer free to use open source like the rest of the world.

Vidanya, yes.

Yeah, the markets will decapitate them.

We will put ourselves on an island.

Yeah.

We'll be on an island of overly expensive AI.

You can have Coca-Cola or a Pepsi or Coca-Cola or Pepsi.

Yeah.

Well, it's not just that.

You have two beverage choices, but they cost 50 times more than Coke outside of America.

This is the point.

We already have Coke everywhere.

So you can buy 50-cent Coke or $50 Coke.

Why would you buy a $50 Coke when you could buy a $50 Coke?

Yeah.

All right.

Let me get free break in here.

Okay, I was going to say, just one thing on this. This goes back to my point of these proposals to ban open source that are coming from Anthropic. They don't solve the distillation problem. If distillation is a problem, you have to stop it at the source. In other words, if you want to ban open source in America, the rest of the world will still be using Chinese open models. We want to solve that problem.

Yes. And that means they'll get the data and they'll get the reinforcement learning. And then we lose the AI race guaranteed Friedberg.

Let's take it from a Graham Allison and level up the discussion here, would be quite provocative

to ban the Chinese models.

How does Xi Jinping respond to that?

How does the CCP respond to that?

This is a crazy chessboard.

It would seem like a pretty escalatory and we'd be going up the ladder.

Yeah, Freeberg?

Yeah, look, I don't think it's as relevant that the open source model is published by China.

I get that there may be security risks, that those can be estimated and addressed.

I think on the three things that are worth highlighting on this issue, I'm very much aligned with Saxon-Chimau.

And I think the three things are really around distillation.

I don't think distillation is just about AI.

You know, distillation is a process whereby you look at the end product that someone else has produced in thinking about and learning about how to engineer your product.

It is a common technique that is used across every product category in every industry.

one car maker will look at how the other car makers car operates,

and they will use that to help them design a better car.

At Google, in the early days,

we would submit millions of search queries

to Yahoo and Microsoft search engines

to see what the result sets were,

and we would compare our results against their results

as a way of improving our search engine rankings and our algorithm.

It was a very common technique.

It doesn't mean we were stealing their algorithm.

We didn't go into their servers and steal their software.

We looked at the output of their software.

software and use that to improve our software.

It was benchmarking, right?

It was benchmarking.

You can call it.

There's been a million terms.

Exactly right.

And so I don't think that this matters as much.

I think the question around copyright infringement or IP infringement.

That's our second story.

And Sachs is right.

There's a terms of service question here, but that's on the service providers to fix.

The terms of service blocking people from doing this if they so chose.

But the copyright argument, the IP argument is really bad.

Did they steal the software?

They didn't steal the software and they just looked at the output.

that's not IP infringement,

that's not copyright infringement

in the classical sense.

And so I do think from a distillation

IP argument perspective,

it's the output not the process that matters.

So the question is,

are they taking copies of copyrighted software

and using it,

or are they looking at the output?

And so I think output,

not process of engineering

is what you really need to assess here.

Can I insert something for you comment on it?

I think a lot of people in the,

let's say,

policy making community,

don't understand this distinction,

but I think everybody in tech does, and I think it's a big part of why there's a disconnect on this,

is there's a huge difference between model weights and outputs, right?

So the weights are the, it's the file of numbers, it's the numerical parameters in a model.

That's the software.

That's the code.

And if Chinese companies were to steal, weights, proprietary weights from Anthropic or OpenAI,

that would be theft.

That's right.

But that's not what we're talking about here because no one's accused that.

What we're talking about here is taking model outputs and then trying to learn from them.

Using other people's software to learn.

Yes.

And it's exactly the situation you said with like the Google searches or whatever.

And here's the thing that's so hypocritical is that OpenAI and Anthropic have both argued

that they are free to train on all the world's output in regards of whether the creator wants

them to or not.

That's right.

That is their current position.

that's like Chamoth mentioned in the New York Times lawsuit.

The New York Times is suing Open AI right now for going onto the New York Times website in violation of the New York Times,

scraping all the information and training on it.

And Open AI's argument is, look, we're not stealing anything.

We're taking the output of the New York Times, and we are deriving our own model weights.

And that is exactly what these Chinese models are doing is they are taking the output of American models,

and then they're driving their own weights.

They're learning from it.

So the accusation, though, just so we're clear here, is that there is ethical issues

around the industrial scale, covert, breaking of terms of service.

That's what the White House has been talking about as well.

Just so people understand.

There is a bit of recognition of that in this.

Let me be clear that I'm not defending China in this.

In fact, you know, look at my bona fides.

I was the first administration official to even talk about.

distillation. I did it in January of 2025 when Deep Sea came out. I went on Laura Ingram,

and I think I was probably the first person in the government to even explain this concept

publicly to people. And moreover, I was a co-author of the winning of the AI race report in which

the whole premise of it was that we want to win, we want to beat China. So, you know, I'm definitely

not someone in this camp that doesn't want the U.S. to win. I want the U.S. to win. The question

is how? And if we shoot ourselves in the foot by banning open source, which is to say,

not letting all of our American companies take advantage of open source.

When the rest of the world is able to, then that is a huge problem.

Now, I'm fine with Anthropic and Open AI enforcing their terms of service.

They need to do a better job, stop the distillation from occurring in the first place.

If there are things that the government can do to help them, okay, but I'm not sure what those things are.

What needs to happen is those companies need to do a better job in forcing their terms of service.

Yes, that's right.

Now, Freiburg, I think you said you had three points you make.

I think you made one.

I want to get the other two out of you.

Yeah, so the other one was just on the free speech argument,

which is, look, what is an open source model?

And I think the audience needs to understand this

if you're not from the software industry.

But open source is a downloadable package of software.

You can think about it as downloading a text, a book.

You just got all the code.

Once you get the code, you've got it on your computer.

You don't have to be connected to the internet.

You can just run it and use it.

And I think part of the challenge that's going to be faced here,

if there is any attempt at restricting open source,

it's going to open a can of worms

on how do you actually enforce restrictions on open source?

Because you're basically telling people,

once they've downloaded and gotten a copy

of this free publicly available software,

they're not allowed to use it.

And that becomes a real challenge.

I don't think we have a lot of great precedent for that.

It's going to be very ugly to try and stop open source.

I do think there's a question on like copyright action.

But if there is, there's a legal due process to go through

to make that case and stop that open source

from being available.

And then my third point is just open source is better for the world.

To Chimov's point, this is a hundred times cheaper.

That is better for the industry, for enterprise.

The beneficiaries are going to be the economy, the consumer.

Fundamentally, if you look back on the internet, in the early days, Netscape made a proprietary browser

and a proprietary server software, the Netscape software.

And they went public and they were the first to do this, and it was super valuable and profitable.

that company ended up getting crushed because of open source.

The Mozilla Foundation was formed to create an open source web browser called Firefox.

And then Google ended up hiring everyone and made it Chrome, but it was still open source.

The Apache Foundation set up the first HTTP server as an open source product rather than having to pay Netscape or Microsoft or Oracle for their server software.

Anyone with a computer could download the Apache software and make a web server and be on the Internet.

and create a website.

And what ended up happening

is the value accrued to the internet.

It didn't accrue to the small number of software providers

that controlled the gate and the portal of the internet.

Basically, everything got open-sourced,

and Google took off, and eBay took off,

and Etsy and Amazon,

and all the millions of small websites

and all the millions of small businesses,

and everyone that benefited from an openly accessible,

open-sourced internet.

If the internet was closed

and there was proprietary software gates and portals

throughout the internet that everyone had to pay to get through,

the internet would not have taken off

and the economy wouldn't have grown.

We had that free burn.

It was called AOL and copy serve.

Exactly.

We had that.

And now when we look at this analogy,

the analogy here is if open source AI takes off,

then all the worries that Bernie Sanders

and Elizabeth Warren and all the socialists

are harping and larking about

are not going to be the case anymore

because you're not going to see all the value of AI

accrue to two or three or four companies

in their small group of billionaire shareholders.

What will happen is AI proliferates and a million AI integrated enterprises all over the world will benefit.

Everyone will benefit.

The economy will grow.

Jobs will be created.

And AI becomes a power for good for creating an open economy.

So I know that some people that are listening to this in the government and that on the other side are going to say,

but Chinese open source versus American open source, let it all proliferate.

And frankly, if the Chinese are violating copyright, stealing software, go out.

after him for that, put in place trade sanctions, do all the shit you can do to stop that from

happening. But fundamentally, open source AI will transform the global economy and it will ensure

that the economic value of AI will diffuse to everyone and not be held captive by a small number

of control. This is why the 1% that controls open source. If they have it, that the oligarchs are going to

get their clocks wrong and we don't need to have a wealth tax. Chamathie, we're going to add to this.

We have to acknowledge that it's incredible.

how fast the value captured at this segment of the market has basically evaporated. I've never

seen it in my 25 years in Silicon Valley where a sector of the economy can absorb hundreds

and hundreds of billions of dollars. And then you think that there's going to be economic

pricing power many decades into the future and it effectively evaporates in months. Months.

It took off in months. Remember how big anthropos?

And it's evaporated in months.

No, I got it.

This is an area where I disagree with you guys.

Evaporate a strong term.

It does look like it could slow down or it could or it could plateau.

Go ahead, Sacks.

Make your argument and I'll give you my argument.

Yeah, but let me pull up the Anthropic revenue chart before you go there, Sachs,

because we can, this will help mitigate it here and educate the audience.

So as you can see here, we got a little bit of a stall in anthropics revenue in the last

couple of months.

And it seems, and this is third party.

tracking. So it's not perfect data, but we do see that this is a clear headwind. And then do you

have the second chart I had? I talked on the pod just last week or the week before when we're

having the discussion about open source. And like, I think it was Brad Gersner from Altimeter,

was talking about, hey, tokens are still growing. Well, there are routers that track open router.

The better an open source model does, and the easier it is to implement on your own servers and

take it in-house, et cetera. Those are dark tokens. They're not recorded. You're not going to see

them show up on a revenue chart anywhere because they're free, essentially. You just need to have

servers and energy to do them. And here you see that now well over 50 percent. And a lot of these

are coming from Chinese models. By the way, Sachs, I want to be clear before you give the counter,

I'm not saying that these companies won't make money. That's not what I'm saying. But what I am saying

is that markets are very savvy in looking through current earnings and asking a very specific

question, which is, what does this revenue look like 10 years from now? Does it go up? Does it go

down? Is there more competition or is there less competition? Is it effectively monopolistic or is it

more of a commodity? If it's a commodity, how many people can price this good? At what price is

the market clearing price of that good in 10 years? And all I'm saying is normally those variables

get exposed, those cards get turned over relatively slowly. And so you have five, 10-year cycles

to transition from being an exclusive provider of a good to effectively a commodity provider

of a good. And all I'm observing is it's so unique that only technology could create a market

where that cycle could get compressed into a few years, because it is very hard if you're

an allocator of money to sit there and look at this data.

and not wonder to yourself why it's not a commodity in five to seven to ten years.

And when they get to that conclusion, which every capital allocator will, because it'll be

pretty negligent to not, it's very hard to assign huge future premiums.

And where the real money is going, by the way, and we saw it in Google's earnings, which I'm sure

we'll talk about, it's going to the cloud. It's going to the infrastructure.

So by the way, there's another cohort of people that don't want to see the end of

open source because they want to serve the cheapest models possible because they know that's

where all the margin capture is.

Where's just going, Sacks?

Is it both open?

We're going to just see a proliferation.

I mean, as far as I'm concerned, there is an unlimited appetite for on-demand intelligence

and there's going to be.

I don't think there's an upper bound for how much intelligence you can tap as long as it continues

to get better, which then the thesis would be, yeah, it's a commodity and the prices keep

going down, but consumption keeps going up.

put your thoughts on. You have to assume that this is exactly the example that you guys used.

It's a web browser. And in a web browser, it's a mechanism to get to a place. And so the apps

that are actually the places are where the value is captured. And I think if you assume for a

second that intelligence becomes completely ubiquitous, it's widely available, the marginal

cost of it is effectively zero, the energy to generate it is effectively zero, which I think is an accurate

assumption, it's very hard to make the case of why this isn't like the browser.

And it becomes, just gets subsumed into the Amazon Web Services, Cloud businesses,

Elon's web service, etc.

Sacks, where do you think this is going?

And then we're going to go to our second story, which is the IP story.

Third story is going to be the markets and Google specifically in Tesla and Space.

Look, there's been a lot of violent agreement on this show so far.

So let me just make the counter argument.

I think that both open source and closed source will be big winners in this.

the market is huge and they each serve their purpose. What happened is with the introduction of

K3, there's a little bit of a panic in which everybody said, oh my God, all the Chinese models

have caught up and they're giving them way for free and they're going to destroy our leading

American frontier labs and anthropic and open AI are running around saying, listen, we can't

continue to invest billions of dollars if Chinese companies can just steal our weights, right? So that's

the argument that they're making that government officials are responding to. The truth of the matter is

that, look, when Kimmy K3 first launched, I was concerned about it because I was like, oh, has China

caught up? Are they now able to produce a much cheaper frontier model? Then the details started

coming out. So Ben Thompson on his blog went through some of the cost numbers, and it turns out that

Kimmy K3 is not that much cheaper to run. There's not a significant cost advantage to it. So that's point

number one. Point number two is that China has not caught up. It's true that Kimmy KKK

three scored really well on the arena battleground for front-end coding for web development.

But that's just one test.

That's this one dimension.

There are areas where it scores really well, but there's lots of other areas where it doesn't

score that well.

So it is not a clear advance or a clear catch-up to the leading American models.

Moreover, you still have stuff in the labs by Anthropic and Open AI that is way ahead

of this.

And the reports are that Sam is going to Washington over the next week.

to go talk about GBT 6.0, which is blowing the doors off. So I don't believe that China has really

caught up. I think there's, you know. Sam's going to go see Daddy? And what is he going to ask for?

I think there's incredible unreleased models in the pipeline. And we need to let our horses run here

and not slow them down with a bunch of unnecessary hoops. And if we do that, I think we're going to be

just fine. I don't believe that China has caught up. I still think we are six months ahead.

And then just the final point on this, if you look at revenue, which is,

the test of real usage in the real world.

Anthropic and Open AI are blowing the doors off.

They are by far the fastest growing tech companies at scale that we've ever seen.

Jason, you showed this chart that supposedly shows a hiccup in Anthropic.

Listen, their internal forecast was to 10x this year from 10 to 100.

We're in the middle of the year.

They're already over 70 billion of ARR.

They're easy going to get to 100 billion.

And we don't really know what this little blip is here.

One thing it might be is that OpenAI, if you superimposed the Open AI chart on this, they have re-accelerated over the past month.

So I think that if you were to add Open AI, Codex is excellent.

Codex is excellent, and I think they're taking a little bit of share.

And Sam is out there tweeting that we've got our mojo back.

And they're taking their forecasts up.

I think they were expecting to end the year at $60 billion of ARR.

And I think they're forecasting more like $75 billion of exit ARR.

So my guess is that if you were to superimpose open AI inatropic and looked at them together

and you were basically just to say that, you know, let's call it the frontier model duopoly

in the U.S., you do not see any slowdown, you don't see any blip.

They're taking their forecasts up.

And the reality is that if distillation is going on, it's been a thing for, you know,

again, I pointed it out back in January of 2025 with deep seat.

So it's been a thing this entire time that they've been growing exponentially.

So I just don't believe that these guys are actually suffering in any way.

I don't think they need government protection.

I think they're growing exponentially still.

This is a little bit of a case of, you know, what do you call it in basketball when a player flops?

You know, that you do a foul.

You're trying to draw a foul or whatever.

Yeah, it's a flop.

Yeah.

Well, or you basically act super dramatic after a foul in order to draw the charge.

You're foul baiting when you're trying to get a foul and then you're flopping,

which is just making like an exaggerating one, like LeBron does.

And that's exactly, yes, it's a LeBron.

It's a flare flop, you know, where these guys are trying to, they're trying to draw the foul.

They're trying to get the government to intervene.

Now, why are they doing this?

Because they're in the middle of road shows right now.

And, Tchamath, to your point, I do think they get the legitimate question about why won't

you be commoditized over time by open source.

And by far the best response to that would be that if they can lure the government

into giving them a government-protected duopoly,

then that would be incredible.

The best answer is what you gave.

An Anthropic and Open AI should own this because they're good at it,

which is they're going to go up the stack to the application layer.

Well, they already have.

I know, but they've done it in this way, which is a little ham-handed in some cases,

but they're excellent at it.

These end-user apps are really good, and they should just own that.

And that should be their answer to Wall Street,

which is, guys, we have the best.

model, we will eventually go up the stack. And if I were them, I'd actually practice the following

answer. There may be a version of a model that I don't release and just keep for myself and I'll just

use my own applications. How about that? Well, that would be super-

that's the real answer to their question. That's anti-competitive, yeah. No, it's not.

They're not to build a model and not release it and use it for themselves. Hold on. Hold on.

Let me answer that. It would be anti-competitive in the eyes of their customers. It might not be in the

governments. But if you are using them as a customer and you're lovable, which I talk to,

And they're paying a ton of money for your 11 labs and you're paying them a ton of money.

And they say, hey, we got our latest and greatest.

You can't use it because we're going to compete with your company.

They would stop using it.

And they go to open source.

I'll tell you why Sachs, I think you're wrong on this issue.

I think open source is having its moment.

I work with startups.

They are all moving off of these and they're using open source and they're using it at

much cheaper rates because a lot of the jobs don't need the latest models.

They can use the last generation's models and people are moving them local.

They're hosting them themselves.

This is, I think, a non-zero chance that this is going to derail anthropic and open-eye

IPOs.

No, they're going to be fine.

They're going to be fine.

As long as everybody stays in their lane.

Hold on.

Let me finish, guys.

I'm making my point.

Shut the fuck up for 30 seconds.

I believe that this is going to derail their IPOs.

I'm taking it from the top.

It's going to derail their IPOs.

It's going to be headwinds against it because I think that they're going to have massive margin

compression.

I believe they're spending so much money that I think they're going to get caught in a trap.

I think this could be a trap for them.

They overspend.

They don't have the same profitability.

And it doesn't pencil out.

And startups are the future.

The startups are what eventually the enterprise copies.

I think you're wrong.

Sacks, go ahead.

Well, I'll come back, but let your mouth respond.

You're wrong.

You're totally wrong.

I think you're wrong, Sacks.

I think they have caught up for 95% of the jobs.

This is a crazy habit.

I'm not saying that the IPOs are off,

but I think that their market caps and the headwinds are coming.

It's a non-zero chance that they're going to get slowed down.

I think the answer is a slightly different.

It's not that 95% of the leading edge tasks can be done by everybody.

It's that 95% of the tasks can be done by many different models.

That's the actual answer.

And that's okay.

That's exactly right, Chimath.

I agree.

It's also okay for Anthropic to say,

you know what, I have this next generation class of model.

I'm going to instantiate, I don't know, a life sciences program, a cybersecurity business.

That's where they can capture, as SACS was saying before, over time, trillions and trillions of enterprise value.

Because I do think they have excellent models and they have excellent engineers and they have momentum.

But if you're going to build a business model that tries to ascribe this layer as having a lot of terminal value,

I think that that is a mathematical mistake.

That's it.

You can't do it.

Open source is going to be a headwind to these companies specifically because all of their

best customers, and I talk to them, whether it's lovable or 11 labs or the startups

that were spending hundreds of thousands of dollars with them every quarter just last,

you know, six months ago, they have all moved en masse, GLM 5-2, making their own models.

The cat's out of the bag.

They are going to start losing a lot of.

customers to open source and Google and AWS and Elon Web Services are going to host them.

And how do I know this?

Every time I do a job, I'm using perplexity computer, not a paid partnership or anything.

It just happens to be the best harness that I found.

And I start with GROC, Nemotron, GLM-52, and I also put it into Claude and the results are

as good or better.

In other words, I can't even tell the difference between these.

Let's superimpose the open AI numbers on top of the anthropic numbers, because I think

it supports the point.

And these are estimates, by the way.

This is not like literally from the companies.

Just want to make sure people know.

So according to this company that, I mean, look, who knows how they drive this?

We don't know that they're totally true.

They're basically showing that Open AI's run rate, which is ARR, it rose from 33 billion

in May to 41.3 billion in July.

So they're seeing acceleration.

Like I said, I mean, Sam is out there saying they got their mojo back.

They're going to have their best 12 months forward looking ever.

and look, Anthropic is still growing really fast.

We've talked about this on a previous show.

It's not physically possible to grow 10x year over year forever.

You'll run out of compute.

You'll run out of energy.

You'll run out of everything.

People.

Yeah, there's just no way.

To do things.

But Anthropic, I mean, look, if anybody had said,

if anybody had said Anthropic would be at over 70 billion in the midpoint of the year,

back in January and they're at 10 billion.

Nobody would have said it.

You would have said, this is the fastest growing tech company of all time.

the idea that they're at risk of getting their entire franchise destroyed, it's not in the data yet, is what I'm trying to say. And moreover, Tremath, to your point, it's not only about the model. It's also about the harness. It's about the connectors. It's about the enterprise agreements. There's a lot of things here that you need in order to grow a business like this. And this idea that they need to race to get government protection because of a competitive risk that might happen in the future, I think it's just,

kind of unseemly and gross. I mean, this is literally the most successful tech company of all

time, and they're racing to the government to basically say, you need to protect us against our competitors.

It's a great argument. Not just our Chinese competitors. Our potential future competitors.

Yeah, they should hire Lena Khan. Okay. Frankly, it's gross. And let me give a couple of examples,

because I know people don't have a lot of sympathy for Chinese companies. That's fine. I'm not defending

Chinese companies. I'm defending American developers who need to be able to use

everything in the public domain.

Let me give you an example.

Muramurati, her new model.

Thinking machines.

Thinking machines.

They currently have the best American open source model.

You know how it was trained?

It was bootstrapped.

It was distilled off a Chinese model.

Kimi K2.5.

Now, if you say that Chinese model is based on IP theft,

what is thinking?

It's a derivative work off a model that Anthropic is trying to taint

as being IP, by the way, there's been no evidence of this.

There's no evidentiary process.

They are simply trying to paint with a very broad brush here and say that now that

model is tainted.

Let me give you another example.

So cursor rolled out its new product Composer 2.

They were able to post-trained that model using KimmyK2.5 on their own proprietary coding data.

Okay, so think about this.

They started with a Chinese open source model, and then they used their own data.

and they came up with a new derivative product.

This is the way that open source works.

You take things that are in the public domain, you fork them, you make them your own.

And by the way, once it's in the public domain, it's not a Chinese model anymore.

It is open weights that are freely available to anyone.

It's a file, okay?

And you take that, you fork it, you run it on your own hardware in an American data center.

No packets are going back to China.

No data is going back to China.

Nothing is going back to China.

An American company has taken open source contributions in the public domain, made it their own,

and then developed their own model.

And if you say that American companies can't do that or that somehow it's tainted with IP theft,

you are basically going to put a dagger through the heart of the entire American open source ecosystem.

And that is exactly what Anthropic wants because they do not want to have the competition.

Freiburg, maybe you can close this out here and then I'll put my final.

I'll just zoom out for a second.

And I'll say, think about the strategy as well for China.

If you think about the global economy of the last 50 years,

the U.S. has accrued so much value by being at the core of the knowledge economy

and effectively a services economy.

And in that sense, through the development of intellectual property of IP of knowledge,

and then the conversion of one bit to another bit,

we've been able to derive trillions of dollars in GDP.

Meanwhile, we outsource manufacturing and created a sleeping giant in China

where they have this incredible manufacturing capacity.

And at the end of the day, if you think about the course of human technology evolution and human prosperity,

it's largely driven by our capacity to convert molecules from one form to another

and use the least amount of energy possible to do that.

That's that all of technology ultimately leads to that simple equation, molecule conversion, making that beautiful couch behind you at the lowest cost possible, making materials, making semiconductors, making all this stuff.

Everything in our world is driven by molecule conversion.

So at the end of the day, if the knowledge economy and the services economy gets compressed, much like AI and open source AI in particular, effectively flattens that value.

because all of that value is now open source, it's free,

and it's simply a function of turning on a switch and running it.

The value of the U.S. and the Western economy has been largely degraded.

And what's left is the value of the molecule economy,

the ability to convert molecules and use energy to do that.

When you look at the juxtaposition of China versus the United States today,

we have one terawatt of electricity production capacity in the U.S.,

and they're on their way to having eight.

we have about 10 billion square feet of manufacturing capacity.

They have 200 billion square feet of manufacturing capacity.

So they have 20x, the manufacturing capacity, 8x, the electricity production, plus all of their

other sources of energy.

And I think that's the long game for China over a decade to three decade process is by

compressing the knowledge economy and the services economy, commoditizing it completely,

they are left holding all the value in the global economy because they can make stuff

and they can make it cheaper than anyone because they have the most electricity production.

That's a very simple rubric for kind of how I look at the long game that they're trying to play here.

You believe they're trying to commoditize this very important space, just like they did for

cables and cars, global knowledge and global services.

The creation and movement of bits gets commoditized.

And what's left over is the creation of electricity and the creation of electricity and the creation

of molecules, both of which they have this very difficult to surmount advantage that's going to make

them the core dependency for the world. That's what I think is kind of the long game here.

And just so you know, this data comes from reports in places like the information or other

sources or leak numbers, and they try to just make charts based on it. Yeah, and by the way,

I have my own sources too. I've talked to investors in these companies, and I'm just telling you

that both Anthropic and Open AI are taking their estimates up right now.

Their forecasts up.

So, I mean, look, I think in the future it may be the case that open source takes share.

Fine, it's because the market's so big.

And there is always a market for Open because Open is more controllable.

It's more customizable.

You can own it.

You get the data sovereignty.

You get the sovereignty, but it's also more work.

So there are different use cases.

There's different parts of the market.

That's actually very interesting.

The more work part there, SACs, is super interesting.

Like three to six months ago, it was so much work to stand these up.

And now there's so many intermediaries building the harnesses that default to it,

that that is getting worked out.

But that has always been the issue with open source for sure is the amount of work it takes to implement.

If you do want to implement this inside of your organization,

please make a call to 8090 and try the software factory.

Use the promo code J-CAP to get a free consultation at 8090.

All right.

Can they get a free consultation?

Everyone's talking their books.

Everyone's talking their books.

Actually, including, I'd say, the Anthropic and Open AI investors.

It's amazing how many of these investors.

Yeah, Brad was on the show two weeks ago, when you on the episode?

Brad was like, let me tell you why this is going to, he's holding on.

He's holding on to those white.

I actually, I actually think Brad.

He's like, I actually give Brad a lot of credit because I do think that he's objective

about public policy or as objective as you can be given that he does own all these companies.

But look, let me just tell you that, you know, I see a lot of folks who are suddenly China Hawks

and saying, we need to stop China. We'd stop.

I am. No, they're China Hawks. Everything wanted to sell their chips there.

How about disclosing first whether you're on the cap table of Anthropic?

Absolutely. Are you guys on any of these cap tables? No, I'm not.

Not directly. No, not directly. Yeah. Indirectly. Yes. Indirectly, maybe got a little access.

You know what it's like, Chama.

It's like when you got that great flush or straight

and you're like, please don't pair of the board.

Brad's like, don't pair of the board.

Please don't pair of the board.

All right.

I love open source.

I love this open source.

I love it.

I think it's so awesome.

The value.

So punk rock.

It's just like there's so much to be done with it.

It's just exciting and awesome.

And yeah, Chimov's point is exactly right.

Most of the models can do 95% of the tasks.

And if that's the case,

then it's not like,

everyone needs to scramble to get the best open source model.

You just need open source to do 95% of what you want to do with AI.

And then the other 5% you get specialized or high value or you pay a premium.

And by the way, if you're a big enterprise and you need to have wrappers and support

and all these other tools for your employees,

bi Anthropic or Open AI or GROX tools or Gemini, like plenty of options.

Make sure you have a good partner.

Use the promo code, JCal.

You get a Zoom call with Chama.

Okay.

Zoom call with Chama.

You get a Zoom call with Chama.

You get a Zoom call with you on.

I'm sorry.

Anyone's going to sign a $10 million contract with 80.

You get to have three of the four of us for a five-minute Zoom call.

Absolutely.

You get to show up for the Zoom call.

You get to guest host on the pod.

And anyone ready to make a pre-purchase on a million dollars of potato seed,

you also get to have four of us on a promo code.

Satsypoo.

And if you'd like to guest host,

the first person put a $25 million check into launch fund five,

gets to guest moderate an episode with your boy,

J. Gallo.

All right. Promo City this week. All right, Anthropic Copyrights. Here we go.

Anthropic has settled their AI copyright lawsuit for $1.5 billion, Billy on Monday.

Largest copyright settlement, Friedberg, in the history of the United States of America.

First major AI trading lawsuit to settle. There are many more in the pipeline. Anthropic downloaded

it's seven million books from pirated websites to train Claude. And that alone, it may or may not be a

crime. This has been adjudicated a little bit in the courts. They had ruled previously that AI

on copyrighted books is legal under fair use, but there's going to be some future cases.

So this is a settlement. They didn't go to the bat. Lawyers get 1001 million. Authors get

3,000 a book. 500,000 books were covered in it. Thus far, 91% of the covered authors have claimed

their share. Tons of other ones are on the way. And here's your second victory fap of the episode.

Content providers as a group need to get together and fight for their rights in unison.

New York Times, Medicare. Fight for the right to party? No, fight for the right to get paid and to

survive. I'll tell you go to chat, TBT, and say, as a group, either give us these terms or don't

index us. They are interfering with their ability to leverage their own content. It's profoundly unfair.

and those magazines and newspapers need to...

You're going to get steamrolled.

It's possible.

YouTube is a great example.

That's what's going to happen here.

There'll be a settlement where they are going to be able to claim their content.

I will bet anything.

I will bet any amount against your premonition here, J. Cal, this is like the opposite of

Nosephrodomis.

I am going to go with for my biggest winner in 2024.

Training data owners like the New York Times, Reddit, X, Twitter, YouTube, etc.

I think what we learned in.

23 was that the language models are starting to hit parity very quickly and that the real value

is going to be in, and it may even become commodities and open source may win the day.

So then I think the winner is folks who have the training data.

You know the best thing about this is watching Jason's reaction to Jason.

I just love it.

Did you do a picture of me?

Just be like, oh, go Jake out.

Freeberg, did we make a bet here?

Did we make a bet?

I don't know.

He's gone.

Actually, this settlement, I don't think quite proves exactly what you want it to prove, J-KAL.

Good.

Can I make a nuance here?

Of course, of course.

So, okay, look, obviously, I'm not a huge fan of Anthropics.

I think they're potentially destroying the whole ecosystem for their own purposes of regulatory capture.

But let's just be very clear about what, let's just be very clear about.

Come on the show anytime, Darya.

Yeah.

Let's just be very clear about what this judgment was.

and was not. So what Anthropic did is they pirated all these books from Libgen and they trained on them.

And the reason why they got in trouble is because they basically took stolen books. They didn't even pay for one copy of them.

But if they had paid for just one copy of each book, they could not have been nailed for piracy.

They would have been potentially under fair use, which I understand J-Cal is still being litigated in the courts, but that would have been their defense.

The reason why they got nailed with this $1.5 billion judgment is they wouldn't even buy one copy.

It is still Anthropics position and it's Open AI's position that they should be able to train

on all of these books under fair use if they buy one copy.

And that issue has not been resolved yet.

Now, you should be able to see the total hypocrisy of their point of view relative to the previous issue,

which is they believe they should be able to train on every creator's output.

in the world, you know, as long as I guess they bought one copy of it, against the will of those

creators, whether those creators like it or not, they believe it is fair use to train their

models and derive their own weights based on fair use.

However, they say that the one type of content that you should never be able to train on is

their output.

That is currently their position is completely hypocritical.

And actually, if you go back to Anthropics blog post in February, where they define this

concept of industrial-scale distillation attacks for the first time. They coined that expression.

And this is, you know, I worry that people and the government policymakers don't understand

that this is all part of an anthropic op. No one used the terms distillation and attack together

until Anthropic wrote that blog post. Dissolation was simply an industry standard practice.

But then Anthropic coined this idea of industrial-scale distillation attacks. In any event,

if you go to that blog post, search for the words IP theft. It's not.

in there. Anthropic did not claim, even though they were trying to coin this new concept and brand

this idea of industrial skilled distillation attacks, they did not have the chutzpah to claim that

it was IP theft. The Cajones, the hypocrisy, the chutzpah to claim that it was IP theft. Why? Because

they maintain that it is their right to train their models on all the world's output,

even if the creators don't want them to. IP for we, but not

for thee. Exactly. So, Jake, I don't even want to get into whether you're right or not on the

fair use question. Maybe you are right. I don't know, okay? But my point is about the hypocrisy.

And they themselves never claimed that this was IP theft by the Chinese companies. What they tried to

claim was that it was a national security threat because what would happen is these Chinese

companies would distill off them, create their own models, and those models would not have guardrails.

So they were making a different kind of argument. That argument never, that argument, that argument

though never found purchase with policy makers because I think that they could see that,

look, guardrails are important, but, you know, it never really found purchase until

Anthropics started claiming, oh, this is IP theft.

But they have not been willing to make that argument publicly because they know that it would

poison all of their fur-use lawsuits that are happening.

And Chamath, like you mentioned, the New York Times is currently suing OpenAI for basically

a industrial-scale distillation attack. I mean, OpenAI went on the New York Times website, used

scrapers, slurped up all of their information at a scale that no human could achieve, and then

they used that as training data and reverse-engineered the model weights effectively.

So my point is that even Anthropic and Open AI won't publicly admit that what China is doing is

IP theft because they are doing it themselves. It's totally hypocritical, and I don't think policymakers

should be making arguments that these companies themselves won't make because they know that they

will lose all these court cases.

Freeberg, any thoughts here on, and obviously this is still being litigated as we've discussed

as 150 major cases.

New York Times is one of the music industry.

Let me ask you a question, JK.

Let's say you wrote a question for me.

Let's say your book, your book, I don't know, let's call it genuflecting the novel,

the great American novel.

It could be angel in 11 different languages.

So you write this book.

Thank you, Hopper Collins.

And you opt to not submit it to AI because there's a restrict.

You keep it closed.

No one can read your book.

We did for Google Search.

You can't be on Google Search.

No one can read your book.

You're not letting anyone read your book.

You want to pay for your book if you want to read it.

10 bucks.

And someone pays $30 for Genuflect the Great American novel and they read it and then they write a review.

They publish their review on the Internet.

Now, on the internet, the review where it talks about your book and describes your book,

gets web crawled by an AI engine

and the AI engine learns from that,

learns about your book,

and now there's some commentary made about your book

when someone asks a question

about your book in the AI engine.

Do you feel like your copyright was violated

in that sense?

The AI never ingested your book.

It ingested metadata about your book.

It ingested media about your book.

It ingested third-party analysis about your book,

all of which was on the open internet.

And it didn't just copy that stuff,

but it used it to learn about your book.

So you're saying these 1,500,

reviews for Angel how to invest in technology stars timeless advice from an angel investor turned

100,000 into 100 million. These reviews would then be the basis of the AI. So I guess I would have to be okay,

but this like, you know, this eloquently brash blueprint for angel investing, that verified review.

Yes. Yes, I would be fine with that five-star review being in there. Okay. So now you have no

reviews. But you now have no knowledge. You now have no knowledge of the process.

Did you tell you? Absolutely. How many of those 1498?

reviews, did you not write three?

Actually, I'll tell you the secret

when you guys actually get asked to write a book

or any of you have the capability of completing a book.

Yeah, because I'm 97 years old living in the

What AI agent did you use?

What bought did you use a post-17?

Now we know where he pointed

that stupid open source AI slop canon that he's built.

I verified the purchase too.

Freiburg, you make a great point.

Oh, there is genuine.

for their great American novel, practical wisdom,

for mastering, ambition, building resilience,

and winning at life, work, and innovation.

That's a master virtue signaling.

Yeah, absolutely.

Incredible.

Incredible.

That is beautiful.

Incredible.

That is beautiful.

But J-Cal, I mean, this is my point.

Knowledge can't be contained.

It's diffuse.

And so the form of copyright is very clear.

The case law and copyright is very clear.

I cannot lift text out of your book, reprint it, and claim it as my own.

That is a violation of copyright.

But my reading of your book, my reading of the reviews of your book, the diffusion of the

knowledge that arises from your book, that is ultimately going to lead to some abstract

transformation of knowledge into a new output that someone might read.

And I think it is very unlikely that we will find ourselves in a place where the idea that knowledge

transferred digitally, processed digitally, and turned into other content is going to violate

copyright in the sense.

I understand your position.

There are workarounds. Obviously, we've always had cliff notes, right? So if a book became good enough, somebody could write the cliff notes of it, you can't stop that. There's a four-part test for this. We've talked about this for three years here on the pod. What I'd say is American companies should take 10% of their revenue if they're building these models and do splashy cashy and do settlements. And that's exactly what's happening. If you're a copyright owner, you should study what the music industry does. They are rabid dogs. And they will fight tooth and nail and keep you in the courts until you submit and make a settlement.

and agree that you're licensing it, and then that gives them that case law and that settlement

to go to the next person and the next person and the next person, and that's why they've been

able to successfully defend it. And then if you're competing with me, that becomes the issue.

So if you said, hey, what's his book about and what do people think about it? What are the best

parts of it? And that comes from the reviews. Okay, fine, fair enough. The problem is,

and I'll share with you, there's been some other lawsuits here that are making the way their courts.

What's going to be the problem is the application level layer that you talked about,

Chamoth, as they go into the application layer and they use this, there's a big court case here.

Obviously, you know about some of these, but there are now other cases.

There are music cases.

There's a New York time case.

The one that's kind of interesting is Thompson Reuters versus Ross.

This is a final judgment on AI training copyright.

There's a company called Westlaw.

They're like LexisNexis.

and people have been trying to claim that they can train on the outputs of something like

Westlaw.

And when you're in the same business as me, that has a special place in copyright law because

you're infringing on my ability to use my copyright.

And your argument, I think, Freyberg holds up that it wouldn't be, it wouldn't stop somebody

from buying the book.

But the second you are actually competing with me, like directly,

That's when these things have problems.

And that's why I think the music industry is going to win and some other places are going to win.

But listen, this is brand new territory.

These lawsuits are brand new territory.

And IP law does not actually have the nuance yet.

So we're going to as a society have to make a decision here on what is fair.

I suggest, just like the self-regulatory group that we talked about last week,

all the AI companies should get together, take 10% of your revenue, put it in a pool,

and keep paying the people and getting permission from them.

so you can get updates on the content, so you can get the next book. So you get the next New York Times story, the next Royder story.

10% is not going to satisfy the rabbit dogs. Let me tell you, they're going to go for 100%. Now, J. Kat,

here's the question I want to ask you. Yes, please. Given that the fair use doctrine is not a decided matter yet,

given that Anthropic and Open AI are embroiled in huge lawsuits against very well-financed content creators

and those communities. And the outcome is indeterminate. And there's billions of dollars.

at stake, maybe even their entire product at stake, do you think that they have potentially

made a fatal mistake by arguing that distilling content against the wishes of its creator

is IP theft?

Do you see what I'm saying?

Yes.

Like, is this potentially a fatal mistake?

See, here's what they could have done.

You would bring that to the Supreme Court and you say, hey, listen, you already said it.

What Anthropic could have done is they could have said, listen, we have these Chinese

companies are creating fake accounts and they're using proxies.

to basically use our product in violation of our terms of service.

Now, using those model outputs is not IP theft because it's fair use.

However, it's a deceptive business practice for these guys to lie about who they are when they

set up accounts at scale.

And so they're engaged in a deceptive business practice.

And we're going to do everything we can to stop that, but we like the government's

help in stopping that too.

However, we're not saying anything about IP theft.

Wouldn't that be the more nuanced approach?

Of course.

Because I think that they're on the verge of.

are being hoisted on their own partart here.

Yeah, I mean, I think the kids call it a cell phone, right?

Like, you basically, it's just a classic cell phone.

And in most of these cases, settlements happen.

So, again, if you just look at the music industry, the newspapers, the magazines,

and some of those folks and book authors, they tend to be very me.

There's a new trend happening now, Freeberg.

A lot of content providers are saying to Google, take us out of the index because Google

has one bot and that bot does the Google crawl.

and that bot also does the AI crawl. And what the industry is saying is, hey, split that up.

I want to be in Google, but I don't want to be indexed in AI. So people are now saying,

hey, we'll take you out of the index. Which Rupert got right. If all the newspapers said collectively,

do not index us, Google. We're no indexed. That would have made Google come to the table and give

them a royalty and give them some money for being indexed. They did that. There was a deal that happened,

but it didn't go the way you're describing. Well, because they didn't have a united front.

Now, I think in New York Times learned that.

They wanted Google's user base, so they ended up doing a deal where they had this like paywall,

like exclusion rule, whereas like you could show a certain number of free articles.

There was a whole negotiated settlement.

I'm talking even long before that when the first index happened.

But here's, you know, I think we are on the cusp of some type of a settlement getting

done here.

And I think that would be good for America to take a leadership position in that.

Because you do want to keep getting that.

But all of these content companies, they should be mean.

meeting with each other, the music industry, the New York Times, all of them to stop their

content from getting used without their permission and from competing with them.

That's my belief.

You know, you only get a settlement when both sides can agree.

And it seems to me that if you're one of these content creator lobbies and you see that

anathropic has just told the government that training on a creator's output without their consent

is IP theft.

Yeah, they're on your side.

they have now basically confessed to their entire product being stolen.

And it seems to me that why wouldn't the content creators now assert that they're entitled

to own 100% of Anthropics revenue?

It seems to me that this could be a bridge too far, that they're so good at regulatory

capture, they're so good at making these arguments and getting the government involved

to create new regulations to protect them.

But I wonder if this was just a little bit too cute.

And again, if they had just positioned it slightly different,

if they said, look, these Chinese companies are creating fake accounts.

That's a deceptive business practice.

We're not saying this is IP theft, right?

But instead, they said IP theft.

And now the whole startup community is activated.

You saw that, you know, Gary Tan and 200 startups wrote that letter.

Why?

Because they know that if this IP theft thing sticks, that all derivative works of Chinese

models are tainted now too.

So that means the whole startup ecosystem is now at risk.

Yeah. So I just wonder if these guys have just gone, it's just all a bridge too far.

I mean, and they'd be better off rolling it back. Yeah, and you lay down with the dogs,

don't be surprised if you wake up with the fleas. Like you, they decided to engage in this,

you know. So they may have poked the tiger. I think, I think it's pretty accurate. Oh,

by the way, the publishing schedule for 2027 was released. We have some new books coming.

You start mine, genuflecting, coming to you now. Ferrari on my wrist. How to win.

at life and afford a $250,000 watch from David Sacks.

Oh my God.

This is Pre-Ozempic Sacks.

We're going to need to get that done.

Here it is.

The fight to save America, destroying socialism,

shrinking the debt, and winning AI.

I like that book.

Yeah, it's a pretty good one.

That's a good book.

I love that.

This is our new All-In.

Here it is.

Chamaa L'Ihapitia, a sexual Italian summer.

It's a romance novel.

This is the only person who decided to do fiction.

This is fiction.

It's fiction.

It's fiction.

I got Tramont's nonfiction novel also.

Oh, you have his nonfiction as well.

Here it is.

Enterprise sales.

Chimap, dystopia.

How my software startup.

It's my Italian summer.

That's great.

It's great.

Oh, my God.

Wow, that's coming from the all-in.

The IT guy in Milan.

Absolutely.

This is coming from all-in books.

It's our new publishing label coming in 2027.

We'll also have the Brad Gersner, Bill Gurley,

Elon Musk and other titles coming.

So I'll have those on future episodes.

More titles coming.

Breaking topic here.

Google and Tesla shared their results today,

had a lot of talk about capital expenditures.

Google blew the doors off of their...

Blew the doors off.

It was insane.

Outrageous.

And they were down like 7 to 10%.

Google Cloud growing 8% 2% year over year.

Yeah, because of it.

of cash flow numbers and now is on a hundred billion dollar run rate. That's but one business.

Tesla's CapEx searched 140% year over year, and they expect $25 billion in CapEx.

Google's CapEx forecast from $195 to $205 billion this year. So next year it'll be even higher.

Tesla down 14, Google down 7% are taping, who knows, but both reported negative free cash flow.

In other words, the amount of cash in the bank went down instead of up. And for Google, that was the

first time ever. IPO update, SpaceX down 30% from its day one closing price, now trading

$1.5 trillion, a lot of pressure on the stock. We'll talk about that as well. Obviously,

they went public at $2 trillion, got a big pop, the Elon pop, and there could be more downward pressure

or it could have found a bottom. You never know what these things. This is unprecedented

territory. We've never had an IPO this big, but some lockups. Here's the chart. A bunch of lockups

are happening at different staged intervals.

So let's Chimov talk a little bit.

Here's your SpaceX.

I guess CAPX, Chimov, is being built out obvious for AI.

And there is the case of open AI spending on CapEx in order to provide their service.

But then there's also Google, which is making these Cappex investments to resell it

as part of Google Cloud, incredible product.

And then on the other side, they're using it for their own, obviously, infrastructure.

And their business is just growing like crazy, whether it's YouTube or Google Cloud or even

search is still growing.

So I looked at this and I said, well, this seems like a really good use of capital.

Instead of just giving dividends, like building out this infrastructure, to me sounds like

an investment in the future.

It seems like a buy signal to me, but the market is obviously disappointed.

Why is the market disappointed?

Is it a buy signal for you?

Is it make you more excited about math?

management and what Sundar and Sergey are doing over there?

Or does it make you concern?

Yeah.

I'm more foolish.

Do you know what?

Google's 25-year average return on invested capital has been since going public?

Take a guess.

17%.

No.

21%.

No.

23%.

No.

29%.

What is the whole?

The price is right?

35%.

32%.

Jesus.

Okay.

This is when you are a machine and a group of people and a business model that compounds

money at 32% over a 20-year average, you give these guys the benefit of it out.

These are not people that are flying fast and loose.

They are methodically investing in their edge.

And this is, I go back to the first conversation, they are going to get massively rewarded.

You know, there was a lot of Twitter chatter or X chatter about Gemini usage.

and was it real or was it not real?

And is their revenue growth really coming from AI-enabled workflows?

It's all malarkey.

Google has an incredible search experience.

They've seemed to be navigating this transition to use AI.

It's been done very well.

They have an incredible cloud business and they have an incredible Silicon business.

The best thing that can happen to them is 500 different models proliferate and they support all of them because they will make so much,

at the silicon layer. They'll make so much money as the cloud provider. And they'll find a bunch of

apps, including YouTube and other things, to make money from because you use the AI to target ads

better or to help make better content, et cetera, et cetera. Fragmentation is good for them.

Oh, it's great for them. It's a compounding machine. I think the reaction, by the way, is because,

Jason, I saw a tweet from Ryan Peterson. I don't know if it's true, but he said Google will be

spending 20% of this year's military budget in CAPEX. So maybe what people are

reacting to is just the scale of the investment they haven't seen. They're free cash flow negative

for the first time since going public. So that obviously takes people by surprise. But they're in a

huge investment period and I think it'll pay off dividends, even if they, as Freeburg's first guess,

was half the number. So even if they did half the number, they'd still be over to even yes and be 500.

Yeah. I mean, Freeberg, if you look at Apple, I think they bought back half their stock. They've given

hundreds of billions of dollars back in profits. And gosh, it seems to me giving all this money

back in the form of buying back your shares, you know, or giving tons of dividends, I think it's

great that tech companies are now saying, wait, we have something to invest in. The next big

thing is on-demand intelligence and there is no upper bound for intelligence. Or I don't

think anybody, I certainly don't see, you know, any time in the next 10 years, people saying,

I've got enough intelligence. I've solved all the problems in the world.

I think they're going to keep wanting it.

So what do you think about this incredible change and, you know, basically $100 billion,

$200 billion, you know, depending on the company, just going into CAPEX.

This seems like a savvy move, right?

All of us think this is a good thing.

I mean, if you want to bet against Google's deployment of capital into infrastructure

because you'd rather have them give you cash for your shares today, you shouldn't own the stock.

someone else will buy it.

I think Google wins in a lot of different ways.

There's just so much to Google.

There's the consumer business, which is a lot of stuff.

There's also YouTube.

There's also GCP.

There's also this portfolio of other bets,

which, by the way, includes 10% of SpaceX

and a good chunk of Anthropic that they own and so on.

And Waymo worth $120 million.

I think they just took $100 billion right up on Anthropic in the quarter.

So they had $100 billion mark to market on Anthropic,

just in one quarter,

and they own a piece of all these businesses.

So there's a lot to like about Google.

But just on GCP,

I think that there's probably no better suited

enterprise layer than GCP

to take advantage of capturing value with AI

for that enterprise setting.

I think you're just so much better

because you have so much of your enterprise data,

all your email, your drive,

a lot of information that you would want to,

to have AI have knowledge of and have AI have access to to improve workplace productivity.

And then they're model agnostic. I mean, you can run any model you want and you can run any

workflow you want and you don't have to be tied in. A lot of other cloud service providers,

cloud SaaS, they're kind of model dependent to run in a certain way. With Google, you can better

tune your system how you want to tune it. And what's the worst, worst, worst, worst case scenario?

The worst, worst, worst, worst case scenario, they have the lowest cost infrastructure in the world to run

other people's models as a service like Elon did with GROC, with the classes.

Elon Web Services seems to be doing pretty great.

And look at the return Elon's making on the Colossus install.

So I think if Google, in the worst case scenario, none of their application layer stuff works,

none of their network effects work, and they don't have any good models.

They're still going to have the world's best infrastructure they can print cash on for

years if you believe in AI.

So if you want to bet my AI, I think the best public market stock to own is Google.

And by the way, you also get YouTube, you also get the consumer, you also get everything else.

The multiple is kind of ridiculous right now.

We talked about this on a previous issue.

I think, Chamatha, and you and I were talking about like what Apple should do next.

And I think we both came to the conclusion.

It's like, why not have Apple Web Services?

They have such great relationships with developers.

They have the App Store.

They have this deep developer relationship.

It's not so easy because you have to build a cloud service provider.

You have to build some critical infrastructure.

It's taken Amazon, call it 17 years, to perform.

it. It's taken Google, call it 12 or 13 years to mostly catch up. But the minute that you

sign up to be a web provider, Jason, and a cloud service provider, what you're really signing up for

is five nines of reliability and uptime. And that is just extremely expensive. Getting to the first

two nines, you know, 99% uptime, if you're hosting something for a pharma company or a defense

company, you can probably do it for relatively cheaply. Getting to the third nine, 99.9,

probably costs you in the billions. Getting to the fourth nine costs the tens of billions,

but getting to that fifth nine costs hundreds of billions. And that takes a real investment

and real technical skill. And there's only three games in town. Yeah, I think Tim Cook's not the

guy to do it, but this new CEO might be since he's an engineer. But they've returned in the last

decade.

They could buy a

million,

$750

in buybacks and

140 billion

Sacks in

dividends, just let

that sink in

$900 billion.

If they had

invested that

in Anthropic

and SpaceX and

other things,

they just could have

found some good

uses for that money,

but

Sachs,

any thoughts here

on what's happening?

Sorry,

but who's to say

that the

investors that

got that money

didn't find a

good use for it?

Oh, yeah,

so on society

level,

but I just think

Apple could have

been more ambitious

if they just

spent half that

money instead of

on buybacks

and dividends on creating new products and actually releasing their car, maybe buying some

interesting companies.

I think it was very much a do no harm capital allocation strategy, which work for the stock.

It's going to be really interesting to see if John Turner's flips the script.

I think he does.

I think he's going to be like engineer guy and yeah.

All right.

Enough on the markets.

The market's going to do what markets do.

We will talk about Iran and other stuff like that when there's more news for venture

capitalists to comment on right now.

It's just on on.

I know everybody keeps asking.

I don't think there's much for us to say on it.

I do think there's a lot for us to say in socialism corner, our new reoccurring theme here, Friedberg, every week.

There's more news coming out of socialism corner.

Why don't you show my videos on socialism going back six years?

Let's add to the Freiburg socialism rants earlier this month.

New York City dictator slash mayor Zohran Mamdani.

Take, don't misuse that term, please.

Come on.

He posted a rental rip-off hearing at New York City's Tenement Museum.

After the hearing, he introduced a rental rip-off report.

Passed bars landlords from charging applications for credit checks.

It's going to let landlords require a credit check or the 40-X rent income standard, but not both,

legally recognized as tenant unions and more.

He's obviously frozen the rent for a year at the hearing.

An activist wore a COVID-mask and referred to evictions as the violence of eviction.

Here's a 22nd flip.

The Mamdani administration is emboldening us so that we no longer tolerate the violence of evictions as a matter of business as usual.

What were we just watching?

Is that the exact?

Do you remember the guy from Pat Albert who had the hat like that?

Can we pull that guy up?

You remember the guy from Fat Albert who had the hat?

What's his name?

Oh, my God.

Is COVID still happening?

happening? I thought COVID was over.

No, no, she just got a poster.

That was like a super duper mask. That was a super duper mask.

I just wasn't like a little cloth one. That was one of these,

those big ones.

I mean, combined with the hat, it was, uh, that was pretty,

there it is. I remember that guy from, uh, what is going on?

Wait, let's, we're going to give Freeberg a chance to a rant because, I mean, I could do,

I could do a rant on this.

No, no, let's get Freeberg. This is Friedberg rare meat.

Freeberg, what are you thoughts?

In 1787, in 17,

In 1987, John Quincy Adams published a work called A Defense of the Constitutions of Governments of the United States of America.

And in that work, he had a comment, the moment the idea is admitted into society that property is not as sacred as the laws of God and that there is not a force of law and public justice to protect it.

Anarchy and tyranny commence.

And then in 1791, he made the statement publicly, property must be secured or liberty cannot exist in an essay series.

Can you unpack it and explain why he said that, do you think?

Fundamental to the foundation of the United States of America was this idea of private property rights.

Because if you think about where everyone that came to America was coming from, there were these tyrannical governments, monarchies or whatever, where some overlord or some cabal could decide at any point to take.

the things that you have. You had no private property rights as an individual. They could come in.

They're like, that farm is my farm. You're actually a serf. I'm the Lord. That thing is my thing.

You have a right to use it because I vest you that right to use it. I am the all powerful. I am the

tyrannical overseer of these lands. And it was that stasis that drove so many to come to the United

States and say, we want a place where individuals, one person, can say, I own something and no one can take it from me.

private property rights are the foundations of liberty in America.

This idea that you can then claim acts of violence,

that you can then claim circumstances of extraordinary extravagant wealth,

and say to that individual,

I now have a right,

the government now has a right,

to take your private property,

ultimately leads to this tyrannical form.

And it starts out as being an anarchic,

because, and remember,

anarchy is a temporary state.

It's always in between one state,

and another, all anarchies end up in tyranny.

Groups of people fight each other.

They're all stealing shit from each other.

Everyone just goes and takes and gets what they want.

And eventually people coalesce.

They form groups.

And those groups become the more powerful groups, and the powerful groups end up winning.

And they become the tyranny over the mass.

And that is why all anarchies eventually evolve into tyranny.

So, anarchy and tyranny are one in the same.

And fundamentally, what's going on with these socialist principles is that we are taking your

private property and you no longer have rights on your private property.

whether you are a landlord or whether you are a wealthy person that we've deemed to have too much wealth,

we now will have the rights to come in and take your property and control it and take it from you.

And it always starts with this framing of moralistic intent.

We are good.

You are bad for the following reasons.

You have committed violence against the people that live in your building.

You have taken too much wealth and none of us have wealth.

We have a right to go and take your wealth from you.

It has always started from this point of view that you are bad.

So the first framing is that the private property owner is evil, and that the private property owner

has committed an act of injustice against those who don't have the private property.

And that is the justification for taking away their private property rights.

And it is the beginning of this transition towards a tyrannical system, which will ultimately

be what I call this kind of great American Politburo or whatever socialist framework gets set up

by the cabal of the socialists and what they're trying to put together.

So all of these little acts, while seeming ridiculous and insane and inappropriate, in aggregate,

are the same thing.

There are transition away from private property rights, which is the foundation of the United

States of America.

That's why I think we should all be so shocked.

And to John Quincy Adams' point, we need to vehemently defend those rights.

As soon as those rights start to slip away, even in the tiniest way, it is a cascading effect,

and everything will become tyrannical.

And it will be very ugly in the United States of America.

Sacks, what are your thoughts here on Comrade Mondami?

Yeah, I just want to add a layer to this idea.

You know, these DSA socialists say that evictions are violence and they basically want to stop them.

I think Freeberg's making the point that this deprives the landlord of their property, and that's true.

But I think we also have to stop and consider what this means for the other residents in these buildings.

I mean, first of all, if the landlords aren't making it.

income because they got a bunch of delinquent tenants in the building. They can't now pay for

upkeeping maintenance. And so these buildings become more dilapidated, and that affects the other

tenants. But also, I have a friend who manages these apartment buildings, and he makes the point

that it's often these squatters, these delinquent tenants who should be evicted but can't, who

make the worst neighbors. So when you think about the problems in an apartment complex where

you've got people creating noise at night, maybe they're playing loud music, or you've

have people punching walls, or there's disgusting smells coming from apartments, or they're

misusing common areas, or you have drunken and disorderly behavior.

I mean, this is all the kind of stuff that happens in these rent-controlled apartment

buildings.

And you have to remember that there's longstanding residents, a lot of old people, who can't

afford to find a new place. They depend on the rank control. And when you can't evict that unruly

tenant, yes, it affects the landlord, but it affects the neighbors even more because now they're

stuck in a downward spiral. And I think this is a problem with the progressive mindset across the

board is that these DSA types are always these like highly educated and often affluent types. And

they can afford to have luxury beliefs about public spaces because they never use them, right?

they don't use the bus or the subway or parks.

And so when they get taken over by homeless drug addicts, they always defend the addicts

as opposed to the middle class.

An easy thing to do if you don't live in the tender one.

Right, exactly.

And it falls the hardest on the working class because they actually need these amenities.

They need the parks for their kids or they need to use a subway, right?

And it's really a problem when you get people shooting up or doing drugs or, you know, defecating

in a subway.

Or you're walking your kids to school.

person in Marine County who has these luxury beliefs or on the Upper East Side, they just don't, they're, they're abstracted from this. They don't need to deal with it. Right. We talk about this. And it's no different with these rent control departments. I think that's the important point here is that if over a period of several years, you can't evict anyone, no matter how problematic they are, you effectively turn these apartment buildings into the equivalent of housing projects. And, you know, that really affects decent people of modest income.

who have nowhere else to go. And their quality of life suffers. And look, you know, the private equity

wives in their gated communities will still feel good about themselves because, you know, they prevented

these evictions. But it's the people in the building who are going to suffer the most.

And at least, and they're traumatic. These people are not just thinking from first principles.

If you want to solve the housing problem, anybody with any basic understanding of economics would

just say, well, increase the supply and the price will go down. And it actually doesn't matter

which supply you add. It doesn't matter if it's luxury units or multifamily or single family.

As long as there's more housing and there's transportation to get to it and to move people

in and out, it'll be fine. As I'm sitting here in Tokyo, like, they figured this out a long time

ago, just build up and put more units in. They figured it out in Texas, Florida, Nevada. The only people

can't seem to figure this out, you know, is like New York, L.A. and San Francisco just happens

to be liberal elite enclaves. And it's not hard on a conceptual basis. Just allow people to build

some more units and different types of units. And then the price will go down. Tremont, any thoughts here?

The data from Austin says, once you relax the permitting constraint, you'll get more units built.

and for every unit that comes online, it literally drives down the rent.

So if you want low rent, you need to have more units.

If you want more units, you need to permit more aggressively.

That's it.

So it's just a decision.

The same political will that it would take Mamdani to pass this law, he could actually

pass some permitting reform and it would do a lot more good.

The thing on private property, the reason I asked Freeberg to explain it is,

I really believe what he's saying is really important.

It's like funny to me this idea that at the limit, let's just say you're driving your car and all of a sudden somebody jumps in it and they're like, well, you know, now I'm here, you can't kick me out.

Or, you know, you go outside, you leave your door open to go get a FedEx package or Amazon box and somebody runs in and sits on your couch and now all of a sudden you can't kick him out.

And it sounds so ludicrously dumb.

If you force the owners of physical property to not be able to credit check and do,

differentiate who they rent their apartments to, what's going to happen is rents will go up even

more. So I suspect that what they should do is they should pass this law and they should

observe what the outcome is. And then you can do a pretty scientific AB comparison between

New York City and Austin and you'll know what works and what doesn't work. Yeah.

I mean, here's the problem is, is the socialist never learned. I mean, we already have tons of

In Argentina, rents went down.

Yeah.

Yeah, I mean, this is a problem with Chamath is that, look, if the socialists ever learned from their failed experiments, you wouldn't have Chicago, you know?

It's just, like, we don't need New York to go down the tubes to know this isn't going to work because it's happened in so many other places already.

Right.

But somehow it just never seems to stop.

They never seem to learn.

So they should run the experiment and learn.

I mean, what's crazy is you'll be learning and it'll be a failure on the grandest stage possible.

You're talking about the biggest, most complicated city.

My gosh.

And Sacks, what happens if a landlord cannot raise the rent reasonably?

Well, they have no incentive to invest in new units.

They have no incentive to upgrade new units.

And there's this trap in New York City specifically.

They have made the regulations for apartments such that if you do a renovation, it has to hit

certain codes.

And there are a ton of codes.

okay, so that means it's incredibly expensive. So now they have, you have ghost apartments.

Yes, now the housing stock becomes dilapidated. And look, they're doing something even worse now,

I think, which is they are banning landlords from doing credit and background checks on potential tenants.

And they say that you can't look at their income. So you can't vet whether they can actually pay the rent.

So they're banning a landlord. No more landlords. They're banning eviction. And then they're preventing you from doing the

diligence to see if this is even a tenant who will pay the rent.

We've lost the script.

So what are you supposed to do?

The interesting question is, if you were forced to live under these rules as a landlord,

what would you do?

And the obvious answer is you'd start rent three or four times higher and you'd force

people to sign up to a multi-month prepayment and you'd slowly ease those conditions

until you find a market clearing price.

That's the only way to do it.

So rents will not go down.

Rents will go up.

So run the experiment.

and let's just observe what happens.

That's a really good point, Chamath.

Let's say that X percent of tenants are going to become delinquent, right?

And by the way, what's their incentive to pay when they know they can't be a victim?

Zero.

So, like, actually a pretty significant percentage of people could just decide that I'm going to make rent optional.

And so now the landlord has to absorb those losses.

And that means they have to pass on a higher rent to everybody else.

You're going to set the rent three X higher and you're going to slowly meander it down.

And like I said, you're going to have to have to have.

have to wire in the first full year of rent.

Well, good luck.

How is it more affordable?

It's even worse, sacks.

Not only do the landlords keep the dilapidated apartments.

In some cases, it's better for them to just leave apartments.

Housing stock empty.

So somebody leaves, they are forced to renovate it, and it costs more, you know, hundreds

of thousands in renovations.

So they say, you know what?

I'll just leave it empty for now.

And so you have 50,000 ghost departments, according to reports, in New York City.

Well, that's an Airbnb problem.

That's like a...

No, they banned Airbnb in New York.

You cannot get an Airbnb.

Oh, really?

Yes.

So now...

That's really interesting.

Yeah, look, if you're a landlord, okay?

I mean, I guess one thing you would do is to sell and go to another jurisdiction.

Another thing you could do is just wait this out.

Because it's not profitable to run an apartment building.

You can't raise your rents.

You can't evict people.

You can't diligence the tenants.

So maybe you just leave the building empty and you wait this out.

I mean, that's assuming you don't have too much debt on it, right?

More ghost departments, yeah.

And then you have ghost apartments.

Yeah.

All right.

Listen, you've been thinking about coming to the Allens Summit.

This is your year.

Speakers of world class, the events, the parties, the network.

80% of the people there, founders, investors were high level operators this year.

Greater focus on network.

The musical performances.

Oh, yes.

I mean, in the past, we've had the food.

food. The drink. Rhymes. Diplo. Diplo. We've had so many incredible people. Go to the all-insummit.com.

All right, everybody, it's another amazing, all-time, legendary episode of the All-In podcast.

Love you, boys. Bye. Bye. Bye-bye.

because they're all just useless.

It's like this like sexual tension,

but they just need to release them out.

Be.

What?

We need to get merchies are back.

I'm doing all in.