=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: All-In ===
Titel: All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg - OpenAI Misses Targets, Codex vs Claude, Elon vs Sam Trial, Big Hyperscaler Beats, Peptide Craze
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/all-in-with-chamath-jason-sacks-friedberg/openai-misses-targets-codex-vs-claude-elon-vs-sam-trial-big-hyperscaler-beats-peptide-craze
Datum: 2026-05-04
Länge: ~81k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

welcome back to the number one podcast in the world.

It's the all-in podcast with me again, David Freibirch, I'm off by Hopatia, David Sacks.

And of course, I'm Jason Kalakhanes.

You can call me J-Cal if you're here for the first time.

Topic one, OpenEye.

They missed their targets for chat GPT, Freiburg, both on users and revenue.

let's talk about it. The Wall Street Journal says in a breaking investigative report on Tuesday

that Open AI expected to hit one billion wows, weekly active users before the end of 2025.

They missed that, and they still haven't hit the milestone four months into 2026. Also,

Chamath, they missed their 2025 revenue target for Chad GPT. Exact number wasn't specified.

But as we've talked about here, they're at a $20.30 billion run rate. There's a little bit

of accounting nuance that is yet to be worked out in the industry. Two reasons why this matter

sacks. OpenAI has $600 billion in spending commitments for compute. Just to put that in

perspective, that's about what they're trading for on secondary markets. In other words, the entire

value of the Open AI enterprise equals their spend commitments in the coming year. CFO Sarah Friar,

who is coming to liquidity, is reportedly worried, hey, that revenue isn't growing and fast enough

to keep up with expense, and OpenAI wants to IPO later this year.

This has put Breyer and Otman in conflict, or maybe there's some natural tension there.

Friar doesn't think Open AI is ready for public reporting standards, according to the Wall Street Journal,

Altman obviously wants to move faster.

So they released a joint statement.

This is ridiculous, yada, yada, yada.

Let's go to USACs.

What do you think is going on here?

Are these major headwinds, or is this just managing expectations?

as the leader of the PAC in the most important race of our lifetimes, the race towards super intelligence.

Well, I actually have a little bit of a contrarian take on this. I know that OpenAI had a

really bad week. Like you said, they had that Wall Street Journal article, which said that they

missed their numbers, they missed their one billion user growth target. They missed their revenue

numbers. That's called into question whether they can afford the data center commitments that they've

made. And then in addition to that, they've also had the lawsuit with Elon.

happening this week. So in the press, it ended up being, I think, a pretty bad week for them. But I have

a contrarian take on this, which I think that over the past week or two, if you look at kind of

what's happening at the product level, it's been a pretty good couple of weeks for them. They

released ChetGBT 5.5. And the reviews from, you know, people I talk to in Silicon Valley have been

really strong. You talk to developers, coders. They're very happy with it. At the same time,

Opus 4.7, which is the latest anthropic release, appears to be a bus. People are complaining about it.

it. In a lot of cases, they're rolling back to 4.6. They're saying that Opus 4.7 is rationing compute.

It's reducing thinking time, not as good. There were some bugs and clawed. So if you just compare

GPT 5.5 to Opus 4.7, it does appear that OpenAI has had a better couple of weeks on a product

level. And I think there's reason to believe that the product improvements will continue. GPT 5.5 is based on a

new base model called SPUD, which is the first base model upgrade they've done in, I don't know,

over a year. And having a new base model will pave the way for future improvements as well.

So I think Open AI is feeling pretty optimistic about their product right now. And I think you're

starting to see on X some of the developer Mojo is shifting. I'm seeing a lot of people saying

that they are shifting their coding usage from Opus to GPT 5.5. So I think that,

Sam may end up being right, but for the wrong reason.

And what I mean by that is that when he made these big compute commitments,

it was based on those estimates of hitting the billion users on the consumer side

and hitting those revenue targets.

The consumer business ended up being weak.

So they missed those targets.

But in the meantime, coding has become the all-important sector of AI.

And because they made all these compute commitment,

and they built out these data centers, they have more compute than Anthropic right now.

Anthropic is token constraint.

It's reducing their ability to serve mythos, for example.

It's causing them to engage in compute gating with Opus 4.7.

And I understand why Dario made that decision.

I'm not saying, I mean, it was a prudent business decision.

I'm not criticizing him for it.

But I think, again, I think Sam may end up being right here for the wrong reason, which is

he missed on consumer, but Enterprise is going gangbusters and is giving him the ability.

now, I think, to catch up on kosher.

Here's your polymarket.

Which is the all-important market right now.

Of course.

And we talked about GROC and cursor teaming up last week, Elon and the team over there.

Polymarket showing now a 32% chance that Open AI goes public by the end of 2026.

This is down from 60% in December.

And Shamath, you gave a bit of a warning, hey, there's only so many dollars to go around.

SpaceX IPO is obviously getting our first.

And now, if Open AI doesn't go out this year, An Anthropic does, this sets up an interesting

dynamic. What are your thoughts here, generally speaking, about the massive commitment that Open

AI has made? Are they going to run off the cliff or will it wind up being brilliant even

if it wasn't strategically for the exact reasons?

I think they're going to be fine. I think this is a multi-trillion dollar company. I think

Anthropic is a multi-trillion dollar company. I think the thing that's happening right now,

is a complete misunderstanding of what's actually happening inside of the world of AI.

And there is one very specific choke point that is constraining everything, which is access

to the power that's necessary to drive these tokens.

To the extent that Open AI missed, I think what that is is an insight to not enough compute

capacity today.

And that problem is only getting worse.

You've already seen that with Anthropic as well, where,

they just found a way to economically induce Amazon to give them enough capacity so that you don't

have to route through bedrock to get to the anthropic models. You're also seeing them do

differentiated deals now with economic participation on top of what they already had from

folks like Google to give them more capacity. What is my point? Everything in this market is power

constrained. The reason that these folks may miss a number or a forecast have nothing to do with

demand, it is entirely 100% due to the supply of the power necessary to generate the output

token. There is a really interesting thing that was just announced today that will make this

problem even worse, which is what you're starting to see now is backlogs build up of not just

the access to the power, but then the componentry that's actually.

necessary, not just reships and not just Nat gas turbines, but now you're talking about

transformers and all the actual tactical grid infrastructure. Why is this important? If you look at

the actual amount of gigawatts that are under construction, we have a huge mismatch now.

People have announced all these projects, Jason, but less than half of it is actually being built,

less than half.

Most of it is stuck in red tape.

Most of that

is because there are the supply chain delays,

so there's no credible strategy

to turn any of this stuff on.

Who will this hurt?

It will hurt anthropic and open AI the most.

Who will this benefit?

It will benefit the hyperscalers,

specifically Oracle, Amazon,

meta, Microsoft, and Google.

And now what you're going to see

is a negotiation and a trade

back and forth, how much equity do I have to give up, how much control do I have to give up to get

access to the compute versus how badly will I miss my growth forecasts if I don't? And now what

that means is, and we spoke about this last week, that's a huge lane for GROC to just run through

and SpaceX to run through because they have a ton of excess capacity. And so I think the cursor

deal was the appetizer. But if I were Elon now, I'd be running all over this market because

if the models catch up in quality, I think he could also do something really crazy with

Anthropic or Open AI right now.

Maybe not Open AI because of the...

We'll get into the lawsuit.

The baggage?

Yeah.

But man, he and Mario should do a deal tomorrow.

So you're framing, hey, the limited resource here is compute.

The demand is off the charts.

No, the limiting resource is power.

Power, which then powers compute, which then provides tokens, which then services, the

I'm actually developer and co-work and all these other projects that consumers and enterprises

can't get enough of.

Got it.

And Jason, the other factor that complicates that for Anthropic and Open AI is all the stuff

that's sort of sitting around thumb twiddling, 40% of that is going to get canceled because

they've done such a poor job of creating a good positive halo around AI that 40% of all

the announced projects get canceled because 40% of all projects in the last.

last four years have been canceled. Yeah, and there's, there, there are some bad feelings about

data centers, AI, jobs, et cetera, and that's causing some headwind. People are, you know,

literally doing violent things in society and blaming data centers and AI for it. I don't want

to give it too much airtime. Freiburg, what's your take on the chessboard we're looking at here

either through compute energy or through going public on a business level, you know, the,

strategic nature of capital, compute and energy now, playing a role in this massive amount

of demand. It's still a ball in the air kind of game. BCG had this theory, I think I talked

about this once before, called the Rule of Three, where they've shown time and again that

any stable, mature competitive market evolves to a four to two to one ratio of market share

for basically 90% of the market. So there's a market leader that has four times.

the market share of the second place. That's two times the market share of the third place.

This is the case in pretty much every mature kind of competitive market. So you can kind of think

about AI probably evolving into a consumer market and an enterprise market. Open AI, even if

they're not at a billion, they're still at 900 million weekly users, which is well ahead of

whatever Claude is at. I think Claude is like probably sub a hundred million. Sacks, you may know.

And then Gemini is probably closer to them at 700 to a billion, somewhere in that range,

probably pretty neck and neck with Open AI.

So, you know, the consumer market looks like it's trending towards a chat GPT slash Google fight

for first place and second place and then probably anthropic and third place.

And maybe Elon emerges and takes off enabled by his compute capacity.

And then the enterprise market is a little bit of a different story.

And that's its own market, which is kind of anthropic or probably Google in the lead,

actually, if you look at all the vertex use, Google claims that 75% of GCP

customers are active users, a vertex. So there's probably a pretty sizable market share that Google's

captured on the enterprise side as well. This is also probably why Google stock has absolutely ripped

over the last couple of months, is they're literally in first place or fighting for first place

in enterprise and consumer. But I still think that there's a lot of opportunity to Chimov's point

about the compute and energy capacity constraints in improving how we actually scale and deploy

models in both the enterprise and the consumer setting, and it is such early days. And I just want to

highlight this paper that came out from MIT, from these two scientists, and these guys published a paper

on pruning techniques and neural networks. This paper showed that you could actually reduce the size

of these networks by 90 percent and get the same accuracy out by pruning very large models

down to smaller models, and then you can make a selection on which model to run for inference. And by doing

this, you can actually reduce inference costs by 10x. You can get 10x the output per energy unit

that goes into the data center with no loss of accuracy. And so it's a really interesting,

call it, algorithmic technique that can be applied to the existing large models to actually

make them much lower energy use. So if you think about it, you're firing up a very large model

to answer a very simple question. You can actually prune away that model. Now, this is probably

going to be the case in AI applications as it is in traditional Google search. There's a long

tail of searches, but there's a few searches that account for a large percentage of search volume.

It's like, what is the weather, what are the movies, times, you know, what's the Star Prize?

Like, there's a certain set of things that make up the bulk of consumer energy, and there's

probably a certain set of things that probably make up the bulk of coding output as well.

And so if you can get that 80% of searches or chat interfaces or coding requests,

reduce down through pruning techniques to smaller models,

and then you have a whole set of smaller models

that can be called dynamically,

and you reduce inference cost by 90%.

You can make much more use,

call it 10 times the use,

on data center and energy capacity than we can today.

So I would argue that we're still in the very early days

of getting efficiency in terms of output and tokens,

and we're just in the very kind of early stage of that,

which also unlocks the opportunity for guys like Elon

to reinvent how this is done

and potentially compete pretty aggressively.

There are two ways to,

win. You could throw compute at it, or you can do SLM's small language models and VSLM's

verticalized small language model. So if you had a verticalized small language model for the weather,

let's say, that doesn't exist, but you can use it as an example. They will have one for travel

as an example. When you hit Google for flight information, it's obviously going to route you to something

lighter and faster that uses Google flights, and Google flights has been incorporated into Gemini.

Gemini now is right behind 700, 750 million users.

And it's exactly what we discussed.

I don't know, 18 months ago on this podcast, Freeberg, that what if they put it at the top?

And what would that do to their search revenue?

Search revenue is surging and they're also surging.

So they figured out a way to balance those two competing forces, having search results that are AI enabled,

and still getting people to click on links.

They've done it brilliantly, apparently.

and the stock is rewarding them.

I'll just add one statement to what you said, Jekyll,

which is like you're using what I would call a human heuristic on smaller models.

And I think what we're evolving to is,

is humans don't intuitively know what this model is.

It's not just a verticalized model,

but there are going to be models that will be discovered

through automated pruning techniques that will then be working in concert.

So lots of small models that link together.

And we don't define each model by some human heuristic,

like this is a search travel model.

Yeah, this is a.

maps models, a human model. We don't know why these models work the way they do when they get broken down,

but I do think that that's really where the evolution is happening. So effectively, a model becomes

a macro model. It's got lots of smaller models underneath it that can be dynamically called,

and that allows you to have 10x the inference for the same unit of energy. Sacks.

Let me just build on your point about Google, JCal. I would say that if there's a single reason

why OpenAI did not hit its user targets and its revenue targets, certainly around consumer,

you'd have to say it's because Google managed to take meaningful share.

They were basically nowhere a year or so ago.

Sergey came out of retirement to help focus the company.

And like you said, they did a brilliant job, improving Gemini and putting it at the top of

search incorporating it.

Now, that being said, again, I don't think.

the news is all bad for OpenAI because I do think that the 5.5 release was great. We're hearing

really good things about Codex. I do think that Codex is taking share in coding tokens right now.

And I just think we're in a really interesting place where these companies are constantly

one-uping each other. I mean, two weeks ago, it looked like Anthropic was going to be completely

dominant, right? I mean, Anthropic was growing at 10X. OpenAI. was growing at 3x, and it looked

like Anthropics was running away with it. Did you see that this week, Sachs? The servers were going

People in my office were complaining. We can't get on clawed.

Listen, competition brings out the best in everyone. Anthropic forced Open AI to compete.

Google's forced Open AI to compete in consumer. I just hope the market stays competitive for

as long as possible. I do think that's what's best for consumers, our economy, and for our

country overall. Let me just say one other area where I think Open AI had a good week is in

this red-hot area of cyber. Obviously,

Anthropic made a huge splash with Mythos. It hasn't been commercially released, their compute

constrained, but as a proof of concept or training model, it hit a new level of capabilities with

cyber, but now OpenAI has released a new model called GPT 5.5 Cyber, which has just been through a bunch

of tests, and they've shown, this was testing done by the AI Security Institute, that GPT5.5 is the second

model to complete one of their multi-step cyber attack simulations end to end. So it has the same

level capability is mythos, and it does appear to be commercially ready. They've got the compute

to serve it. So I do think that that's a big accomplishment. I mean, look, we knew that other

cyber models were coming. It wasn't just going to be mythos. In fact, within six months or so,

all the frontier models are going to have mythos-level cyber capability, but it's impressive that

OpenAI got this GBT 5.5 cyber out so quickly.

And I think 5.5 might be the first cyber model that cyber defenders actually get to use

because, again, I don't think there is compute constrained as Anthropic is.

And this is an incredible opportunity, you know, for the crowd strikes and Palo Alto

networks of the world, both of which have been on the program.

They come out and they start attacking this space.

man, you could really see everything get tightened up. And this could be an incredible revenue stream

for everybody who's got, whether it's cursor, Claude, or Opening Eye or Gemini. This is an amazing

opportunity to tighten up as much as it is to get attacked. Can I make a point about that?

Because there is so much fear right now, almost the level of panic about mythos. People are

treating it like a doomsday weapon or something like that. It's not. It's simply that the frontier

models have reached the point where they're capable of automating cyber activities, just like

they're capable of automating coding.

But that means that a model could power up a cyber attacker or cyber defender the same way

they can power up a coder and allow them to discover a lot more vulnerabilities.

So there is obviously a risk there.

But I think it's important to understand that Mythos or GPD 5.5, it doesn't create the vulnerabilities.

It just discovers them.

The bugs were already in the code.

They were sitting there waiting for some hacker to discover.

If we can now use AI to find these bugs in advance, these vulnerabilities, and patch them,

then you actually harden our infrastructure and you harden our security.

I also believe that this leap from, let's call it, pre-AIA cyber to post-AI cyber,

it's going to be, I think, a big one-time upgrade cycle because, again, you're going to find

all these dormant bugs and vulnerabilities.

But I think that once we get past that upgrade cycle, you're going to reach a new equilibrium

between AI-powered cyber offense and AI-powered cyber defense.

It's going to become a lot more normal.

It's not going to feel like this huge disruption, which is to say, I think people are treating

this as like some existential threat.

I don't think it is as long as everyone does what they're supposed to do, which is use

the new capabilities to harden their code bases and infrastructure and security before the

hackers get a hold of these capabilities.

Yeah, and if Chimoth, if you were to look at this to build on Saks's point, there are about

five million or so security experts in the world.

We talked about token cost, 40 hours of tokens, just pounding it, you know, a week.

You could create another $5 million for $100 per chief security officer per security expert.

So it's the volume of security expert, agent Sacks, to your point, yeah?

you could have 50 million of them, 100 million of them.

They're not finding something you need.

They're just, they never sleep.

They're relentless in their pursuit of these problems.

It's a really great point.

Just kind of just refine that.

So, yeah, there's probably 5 million people in the cyber industry,

but there's probably only a few thousand really elite hackers.

Sure.

Those hackers didn't have the time to go after the entire surface area

of every possible attack vector out there.

And so if you train a model to do what they do,

obviously, like you said, it can operate with a scale and speed that a human hacker can't.

So obviously, you know, what you need to do is get these tools in the hands of the white hats,

let them do the cyber attacks themselves to then find the vulnerabilities and patch them

before the black hats get a hold of these capabilities.

But I think it's just one last point in this.

I'll stop.

It's just, it's really important to understand that the Chinese models are going to have

these capabilities within approximately six months.

Oh, they have now in deep C4 for sure.

They've got some level.

Well, no, DPC4.

I mean, DEPC4 is impressive in a lot of ways, but its capability is not at the frontier.

It's maybe 80, 80, 85% of, let's call it the American frontier.

Chimoff, you wanted to get it on this.

Let's get Chimov in.

Two things.

The reason that this is even possible is because humans are error prone.

And when humans code, they create holes.

And so humans exploiting humans is where we've been for a long time.

Now we have computers exploiting humans because the computers go.

and seek out all these bugs that humans wrote.

In the next phase, it'll be machines versus machines.

And so I think the nature of cyber is going to completely change.

Probably in the next five or six years,

there'll be so much reason to rewrite all of the software that runs the world.

In one part, because you're going to be asked to show more operating leverage and revenue growth,

but in another part because everything else that was handmade in the past is just fundamentally

insecure.

Either way, all roads will lead to all the operational software that runs the world will get rewritten.

More and more of it will be written by machines.

More and more of it will be impregnable as a result.

But then the cyber threat actually will only increase because then you're going to try to figure out how to use a machine to inject something into another machine

so that some agentic loop injects a malware or injects a bad token.

And I think that's a very complicated thing.

What I will tell you is, I'm not even sure if I'm a lot to say this, but a very, very,

good, probably the best cybersecurity company in the world run by one of the very best CEOs

in the world, who may or may not be speaking at liquidity, would tell you that they have penetrated

and can essentially manipulate every model.

Let me just say it roughly that way.

Okay.

Perfect.

Yeah.

At the breakthrough prize, which three of the four of us were at, I talked to George Kurtz,

the other person you were kind of describing was not that.

Sitting beside Nikesha.

Yeah, I'm talking about Nikesha Lur.

The Cash and Georgia, the two guys leading this, Palo Alto Networks, Crowdstrike.

And they understand what George told me was there is just a line out the door of people

who want this product or service.

And if you look at it, Freiburg, like the murder rate, like we're sitting here at the

lowest murder rate in the history of humanity.

It has gone down massively in our lifetimes, but massively over the arc of history.

I think that's what's going to happen with cyber.

There is only so many attack vectors.

and the remaining attack vectors are just going to be human factors, right?

Freeberg, that's always been the case.

And as we make the software more resilient,

then the weak link is, you know,

the secretary who puts her Post-it note, you know,

with the password there or the accountant who, you know,

uses their dog's name plus one, two, three for their password, right?

That's the historic one.

Okay, let's, any, anything you want to add, Freiburg as we wrap there?

Why is your bed so messy, by the way?

Why can't you just ask the room?

service to come in a clean your book. I can tell you what

happened. Listen, I'm here in Atlanta.

Also, why don't you have a suite like where there's two rooms?

Like, is it just one room? It is. It is. It is.

Either you're cheap or poor. Which one is it?

I'm cheap. I'll tell you what. Here's a situation. I'm in Atlanta for the next

game tonight. Here's what I do. I just want to explain to you value for value. Some people

spend their money on private jets and they spend $30,000 flying to Atlanta. I spend $30,000 on

court side seats. I don't want the suite. I want to put it into

Why don't you do both?

You can do both.

I guess I could do both too.

I'm in the process of becoming.

I don't understand.

Of embracing my richness, okay?

If you've already convinced yourself that you should spend $30,000 for courtside tickets,

which I think is outrageous.

But, okay, you've already convinced yourself.

They're more like 10K each, but yeah.

A hotel room that has two rooms, okay, probably costs 15% more than what you're paying.

It's two X, but yes, you're right.

I'll get the hotel room.

Okay, or 20% more, but it just looks so.

I'm like 200 bucks a night.

So you pay 400 a night.

You get another room.

I mean, it's Atlanta.

I'm in the best hotel.

The most, I'm in the best hotel.

The most expensive hotel is 500 a night in Atlanta.

It's no big deal.

But everything's sold out because all the Nix people are coming here.

So you're selling me double that would have been $1,000 and you couldn't spend a thousand?

If everything is sold out because the Nix are here.

So we have to look at your dirty bed.

It's gross.

The pet's not that turd.

Come on.

Oh, just deal with it.

Okay.

Let's take it out of post.

I have a private jet story about flying to Atlanta.

Oh, that reminded me.

You reminded me.

Okay.

So, yeah, there was some event there.

So I flew my team there.

You know, there's a few people on my plane.

And it's kind of a long flight.

It was like four hours or something.

But from the bat, yeah.

Yeah, so I went in the back to sleep.

Well, first, you know, we started the flight,

and I had a few bottles of Pappy Van Winkle on the plane.

And so we started off with, like, a drink.

And then I went in the back and fell asleep,

and I woke up basically when we landed.

So I come out and, like, all three bottles are basically cashed.

Of, like, Pappy Van Winkle.

Oops.

Those were like two grand a bottle.

No, no, there are more.

These were like antique bottles.

Like one of them was like like.

I have one of those from your plane.

I have one of those from the old fucking.

Yeah, they were like these vintage bottles of happy.

They were $4,000.

I remember you.

Anyway, you can't even find this shit anymore.

So these guys, they asked me like when it's like, hey, Sacks, how much did it cost for you to fly us to this event?

And I said, well, about $8,000 in jet fuel and about $12,000 of Pappy Van Winkle.

You got it?

You got to fuel the vibes as well as the plane.

It's, uh, is Atlanta nice?

I've never really spent in time.

Do those people still work for you?

Are they, are they, uh, they called in,

Atlanta, um, is Atlanta nice?

Listen, last year I went to Detroit games and that city was on the rebound.

Atlanta has an incredible opportunity to rebound.

I'll say it that way.

There's a great opportunity for them to upgrade the city.

I went to Waffle House at midnight last night.

There was no shootings.

Okay, let's keep moving.

By the way, do you get loyalty points at the best western Atlanta?

I get double points because I use my best Western visa card.

Yeah, it's everywhere you want it to be.

Or use the promo code J-Cal and get a thousand extra points.

In other OpenAI news, Musk versus Altman, the trial of the century, maybe the decade, has started.

Elon is, of course, accusing Open AI of breach of charitable trust, unjust enrichment.

He's accusing Open AI of essentially flipping a nonprofit into a four.

He's seeking 150 billion in damages that they revert back to a nonprofit, that Altman and

Brockman be removed.

And there were some fireworks between Elon and the Open AI lawyers.

Elon kind of leveled up the discussion.

He said, quote, if we make it okay to loot a charity, the entire foundation of charitable giving

in America will be destroyed.

That's my concern.

Obviously, there's a ton of interesting nuances here, specifically Greg Brockman, keeping a diary

where he was journal maxing his plans, like a Bond villain here, and the excerpts from his diary include

conclusion. We truly want the B-Corp. The true answer is that we want Elon out. If three months later

we're doing B-corp, then it was a lie. Can't see us turning this into a for-profit without a nasty fight.

I'm just thinking about the office and we're in the office, and this story will correctly be that we

weren't honest with him. In the end, it's still about wanting a...

a for profit just without him, yada, yada, yada.

Freeberg, your thoughts on this case.

Is Elon going to win?

I just don't know why Greg Brockman's got a friggin diary

where he's like literally documenting.

I mean, I love the guy, but what the fuck is he thinking?

Like, you're just sitting here at home and like, let me write about the crime I'm committing

or let me write it and let me record it.

And by the way, let me never delete it.

I don't understand this.

It's not just journal maxing.

It's discovery maxing.

It's a smoking gun maxing.

I don't get it.

I don't get it, man.

I mean, did you guys remember from the wire in that scene where the guy's like, is you taking notes on a criminal conspiracy?

I totally.

This has got everybody in the room.

Can we play that clip?

It's like, what the what the fucking are you doing, Greg?

Nick, is you taking notes on a criminal conspiracy?

What the fuck is you thinking, man?

If you're going to commit a crime, you do not write down the date and time.

of the crime in your journal.

Oh, look, we don't know it's a crime.

Let's not...

Okay, sure.

Do you write a diary?

Crime, but...

Well, yes.

Are you involved in shenanigans?

Chamon, do you keep a diary?

What do you think?

Jekyll, do you keep a diary?

I believe...

No, I'll tell you right now.

Rumination is the path to unhappiness.

Nobody gives a shit about your feelings, writing your feelings down.

100%.

It's only going to make you miserable.

Talking to your spouse about your feelings.

Just go.

a beautiful dinner, sit courtside at the next, and do what I've been doing for 30

f***ing years. Retard max. Retard max. Rejutor goes up. All you have to do is work. Start new

projects, nine out of ten foul, place nine out of ten bets, one wins, and you're golden.

Go sit courtside at the next game. Keep going. Life's too short. Just keep moving forward.

Don't write anything down. Period. Full stop. That's good advice. Yeah, I just, the biggest

surprise to me was this guy's got a diary. I just, I don't know anyone that has a diary. I've never

heard of this. So anyway, that was shocking. Besides that, I have no view on what's going to happen

with the case or what the judge will do. I have no comment on the case either. I think it's weird

that Polymarket hasn't budged, even as all of this discovery has been published. It's effectively

at 42 or 43 percent that Elon wins. So one of the friends in our group chat said,

what may just happen is that Elon technically wins and he's just credited back the $40 million.

And so maybe that's what this poll is front-running.

But on a totally separate note, I think, Jason, I know you say it as a joke, but this idea

of just keep moving forward, don't ruminate, I think is very good general life advice for

everybody to follow.

The modern day therapy industrial complex and the medication industrial complex, I believe,

is ruining the rummination.

Well, it does pivot around ruminations.

Yes.

That is the gateway drug to all these things.

Yeah, talk about your problems.

You know, when these people go to therapy, you ever hear these people,

Howard Stern's like I've been in therapy with the same person two or three days a week for 40 years?

I'm like, okay, what's the incentive for the therapist to stop charging you $1,200 an hour?

There is none.

Then they lose a revenue stream.

They lose a customer.

It's all a giant fucking fraud.

In terms of this case.

I wouldn't go that far.

I do think that there's a lot of value in kind of untying some of these Gordian knots that people have because of

of how they grew up. But there's a difference between that and being specific and just randomly

ruminating because I don't think there's a lot of productive.

If you've got an acute issue like in trauma in your life, yeah, sure. Unpack it, figure it out.

I'm just talking about this never-ending self-improvement, you know, ruminating thing. But getting back on topic here, Sacks, what's the, and we're talking about a jury, I believe, in Oakland.

No, but it's a bench trial. This is important. It's a bench trial where the,

The jury is advisory in capacity.

But ultimately, that judge, she will make the final call.

And she'll do the damages.

And so is this a case acts of like, we've got a Bay Area jury judge and we've got Elon

who's considered, you know, a bit right wing and people don't all agree in that area

in terms of his politics.

And then you have this Sam Altman New Yorker story and people finding out that so many different

people feel they got screwed by him, you put these two things together, it's impossible to

handicap where this turns out. Sacks, your thoughts? Well, yeah, I don't think this is about

politics. I mean, I guess you could argue that what Elon is seeking, which is to protect the

charity is, if anything, a left-coded sort of principle. Sure. Although I don't really think it's left

versus right. Look, I don't want to take sides on this trial. I'm just watching like everyone else.

The last time I weighed in on some Elon litigation, I got deposed for six hours.

Remember that?

Because they just assumed that somehow I know something.

Right.

I've never talked to Elon about the case.

I don't know anything about it.

Yeah.

I'm going to see what happens like everyone else.

Now, one thing I will say, having just read some of the coverage, is that apparently

the company at some point did offer Elon shares in the company, but he thought that

there was something kind of icky about it. Do you remember this?

Yes.

Because at one point I said on our show, when this dispute started happening before it became a court case,

I said, look, if Open AI at a certain point decided they had wrong structure, they should

have gone and done a make right with Elon and he should have been a shareholder on the cap table.

What I didn't know is that apparently they did try to do something like that, but Elon turned it

down because he did want the entity to remain a charitable entity.

Yes.

He had a principled view of it according to the reports and was like, no, we're trying

to save humanity.

And then you're giving this keys to the kingdom to Microsoft.

That's all come out.

And I also have not talking to you on about any of this.

But my guess is, like most of these things, there'll be some sort of settlement or something

here.

But maybe he takes it to the mat.

Who knows? Judge Rogers, who's doing this, 61-year-old Obama appointee.

Politics has played a role. Sacks, they have had to tell the jury, like, however you feel about these individuals, politically, whatever, please put that aside.

But of note is that she oversaw the Epic Games versus Apple trial over Apps for exclusively ruled in favor of Apple with some caveats that they don't have a monopoly, et cetera, et cetera.

So this is going to be a really interesting one.

I think the worst case scenario is open AI for open AI is they have to unravel this somehow.

And that would delay the IPO.

That would cause chaos and shareholders.

And I guess the best case is some sort of settlement.

And if Elon put the first 40 or $50 million in, he's due 10, 20, 30 percent of the company after dilution.

All right.

Let's keep moving through the docket.

Lots more to discuss.

and good luck to everybody in their lawsuit

and those of you betting on the market.

All-In Summit selling up fast.

Our fifth edition, Los Angeles, September 13th to 15th,

go to all-in.com slash events.

And speakers are going to be top tier.

Apparently, Freeberg is having this as his major creative outlet.

I heard some back channel Chimov today

that he's going to be doing Broadway musical,

allusionist.

I got a tap dancing situation.

He's literally going full-on entertainer.

This is going to be vaudeville, Sacks, wrapped up.

He's just going to take it to a whole new level.

Musical numbers.

Like Nathan Lane?

I think if you're coding that it's going to be his big gay summit, yes.

It could be a big gay summit.

Might be our last year in L.A. guys.

What?

Might be.

Oh, everybody wants to go to Vegas.

Apparently, roll those boats.

Bones, baby.

Can you imagine leaving the summit for lunch and going and playing crafts your mom?

We get a fresh shooter in there.

Yes, I can.

Yes, I can.

I guess I can imagine.

I got some bricks right.

Oh, I got some bricks right here.

Let's go.

Yum.

Yum.

That way, Sacks can come.

Yeah.

Sacks is like, I'm never sitting in California.

But I will.

So you're coming to our, you know, we're doing a couple live events.

Are you coming to them?

Liquidity or something different?

Liquidity.

And then there's the all-in summit.

happens in September? Yeah, I'm going to do those too. All right, big tech, smash their earnings

on Thursday. Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Meta, all reported. I don't know why they do this on

the same night, folks, but they do, and performance was spectacular. It was great. However,

the Cap X announcements were really the story here. Let me just cue this up and show the chart.

guidance in 2026 from but four companies, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, and Meta, Amazon leading the

pack with $200 billion, $190 billion each for Microsoft and Google, $145 billion for meta.

You add GROC, you add OpenAI, and some other players to these plans, and we haven't heard

from the new Apple CEO yet, but he's going to be taking over, and he's going to have some plans

here, I'm sure. We are going to see a trillion dollars, a trillion dollars in build out over the next

year. I don't know if this is even possible, but this is all being driven by AI and cloud computing.

Google Cloud, which includes the Google Suite, that grew 63% year on year. Let that number sink in.

63% on 20 billion in revenue. That's in a quarter. Microsoft Cloud, that includes Azure, Windows server,

SQL server. They bundled some things together there to get the number to go up. That grew 30% on 34.7 billion in revenue.

Amazon Web Services, the original cloud,

that grew 28% on $37.6 billion in revenue.

That's a bit of a pure play.

Just counts Amazon's Web Services.

Obviously, these are all moving to Neo Clouds.

These are all serving AI jobs and tokens now.

They have a massive customer base,

and the customers from the smallest startups

all the way to the biggest frontier models

cannot get enough compute,

and it is going to the bottom line.

But this is shrinking Chimov Cashflow

massively. These were free cash flow machines, the largest money printing machines in the history

of humanity, but they are giving up on free cash flow, stock buybacks, and dividends, and the focus

on those three to invest in infrastructure. Amazon's free cash flow down 97% Google, Microsoft,

and meta down 12, 12, and 8% respectively. Your thoughts on this free cash flow, the end of the free

cash flow, deluge, and the massive, massive investment we're seeing in CAP-X, Chimam.

I think we're seeing a very important structural shift in the capital markets.

I think the last 20 or 30 years, well, 20 years, it's been that the Mag 7 just kind of ran away

with it, that these big companies got bigger and bigger, and it absorbed all of these

investment dollars.

And the biggest reason was that it had these very asset-levels.

light business models, right? You just built some more software and it just has all this leverage and

it all just kind of worked, except maybe for Amazon because they needed physical infrastructure for

warehouses and delivery and whatnot. But by and large, it was a very asset light investment cycle.

Now all of a sudden, the pendulum is swinging violently in the other direction. And there's something

that I think people misunderstand, which is as it moves back to these asset-heavy infrastructure

investments, the hypers are signing checks that, I mean, I suspect their body can cash, but

there's a world in which they can't. I'll give you an example. You know, when Microsoft

convinced the owners of Three Mile Island to turn their nuclear site back on, do you know what

their Ford purchase agreement was? It was for more than 2x to prevailing spot rate for energy.

More than 2x. The problem is that's not for an enormous percentage of their overall

energy needs.

So if you

play that out and you think

these five or six companies

all of a sudden are not just

spending Jason 700 billion a year

of CAPX, which they are,

but then from an operating cash flow,

they're going to be spending

2x the prevailing spot rate

because they just want

guaranteed demand into the future.

Where's all this cash

going to go?

It's not going to go

to the shareholder, and it's not going to stay on the balance sheet.

These companies will now get levered.

They're going to get highly sophisticated around the financial engineering.

They'll have more debt.

They'll have all kinds of different vehicles and term loans and revolvers and all of this stuff.

And so they're going to look like this big, bulky industrial business in five years.

And I'm not sure that there's a good valuation case to be made at that point.

And so I think it may be simpler, and this is what I tweeted, to just follow the dollars.

Like a trillion dollars a year going out of the hyperscalers.

Where is it going?

Just follow those dollars and buy those companies because those companies are already underpriced.

This is obviously reminiscent of something we all experienced.

Nick, can you pull up the Cisco chart?

I just sent you and put it at max.

We had a massive buildout of the infrastructure of the Internet in the late 1990.

and into 2000. And what that caused was a lot of aggressive companies to do massive amounts of

spending, a lot of retail investors to embrace these stocks like we're seeing with people trying

to get into these private companies. And, Sacks, look at the 2000 peak of Cisco. This is the most

extraordinary chart ever. It took them 25 years to get back to that peak. And they had a lost

two decades. And we had a massive amount of fiber that wound up getting bought. We talked

about that a couple years ago on the program, but there's something for you to build off of here

when you look at this massive infrastructure. You think it's going to be Cisco systems all over again,

WorldCom, et cetera? No, I really don't. The issue we had in 2000 was dark fiber. You had all this

infrastructure being built out and it wasn't being used. There's no dark GPUs today, as Brad Gersner

likes to say. So what's driving the KAPX now is the voracious demand for compute, for

tokens. And the demand is now pulling forward this additional investment in infrastructure.

So I think what's happened here is that the bull thesis for AI just got validated in a single

afternoon. I mean, again, you got Microsoft to Azure, Google Cloud, Amazon, AWS,

meta. They're all basically exceeding expectations, exceeding guidance in terms of where their

cloud revenue would be. And therefore, how much they're going to reinvest in.

cap-x. This year, I think we were supposed to have $660 billion of hyperscalor cap-ax up from

350 last year. I think there's now the new estimate is going to be over 700. So this is,

again, it's more than 2% of GDP. This is a huge tailwinds of GDP. There's another article saying

that I think in the last quarter, AI was 75% of GDP growth. And by the way, this is just the

Cap-X part. This is the physical infrastructure. This is not the economic impact of the tokens that

are generated inside the token factory. This is the building of the factories. How do those tokens

get used? Like we're seeing, they're being used not just to do research or to answer questions,

but to create code. And so we're seeing this explosion of productivity in software development,

and we're seeing an explosion of bespoke software being created. And that's going to accelerate every

part of the economy, every business that now wants to get code, will be able to get code for the

first time before they couldn't even hire the engineers. They needed to generate it. Now they will be

able to. So that is a huge unlock of productivity across the economy. Then you're getting into

these new use cases like the co-working use cases and agents, right? So the workflow automations

that are happening. It's still early. I don't believe that this is going to replace humans.

In the past week, we had that crazy case of an agent deleting a production database in nine seconds.

So great.

Because of a bug.

Look, what that said to me is that it's not that agents aren't valuable.

They are valuable, but they have to be supervised.

You know, this idea that you're just going to be able to automate all the jobs away,

it is a massive amount of hand-waving over the real technical problems and issues.

The agents have to be supervised.

Someone has to be accountable.

It's not going to be the CEO.

The CEO doesn't want to be accountable for thousands of agents.

You need people.

Despite what Jack had Block said.

Yeah, you're so going to need.

6,000 direct reports is a great, like, goal, but it's not realistic.

Yeah.

You need IT people who are savvy who can supervise this and make sure it's working.

They have to be accountable to the CEO.

Someone has to drive the productivity.

It's like Bology always said, AI is not end to end as middle to middle.

You have to have someone to do the prompting and you have to have someone to do the validating.

And I would add the supervision and accountability.

So anyway, the larger point, though, is I'm speaking to the fact that I don't think there's going to be this huge job loss associated with this productivity boom that we're going to get.

And in fact, I think what's actually happening now is that AI is becoming synonymous with the American economy.

I mean, the fact that it's generating 75% of GDP, you have this KAPX explosion, this energy explosion that feeds it.

And again, just the beginning of the applications that are being unleashed by these new token factories,

I think it's all a very, very positive thing.

And all these Dumers who are trying to throw a wet blanket on it or constantly scaring the daylights out of people,

I mean, what do they want the American economy to do, just to stop?

I mean, they just don't want any progress.

I mean, like, again, you know, when you talk about stopping AI or halting AI progress,

what you're really doing is stopping the American economy now.

You're basically saying you don't want economic growth.

AI is now synonymous with the growth of the American economy.

And if there's no economic growth, there's not going to be money to pay for all the social

programs.

There's not going to be money to pay down the national debt.

There's not going to be money to basically build up our national defense, all these things

we want to spend money on.

We have to have a vibrant economy.

And that is now synonymous with AI.

So I know that AI may not be popular.

I see those polls, but having a strong economy is popular.

And I believe that those things are now.

anonymous. It's almost like there was some architect or czar who set up the chess board in the

first year of this to make sure that it was ultra-competitive.

President Trump set the table on this.

Absolutely, with some good advice, I think, maybe.

Freeberg, your thoughts?

It's always good to have good advisors.

Always good to have good advisors. Absolutely. Absolutely.

No, but look, I've said it before. The president just wants America to win.

Literally, there are people who, if we were looking at this, you know, I don't know,

a hundred years ago, it'd be like people are like, yeah, you know what, we shouldn't build the

highway system where we half built the highway system. Let's stop. Let's stop building the highways.

Oh, the highway system was funded by the federal government. There was no competition. It was the most

expensive on a on a inflation adjusted basis. I think it was the most expensive project in U.S.

history. And the railroads before that, like you can't stop these things. They have to keep going.

It's an interesting point, you know, there is so much demand for the resource of tokens of

intelligence, Freiburg. And it's quite different than the fiber situation, as

as Sacks correctly points out, where we built all this, but we didn't actually have an application.

Here, the application is pretty well known, and you've got a large number of people in businesses

who are trying to vibe code their way to success, trying to push this stuff.

And we had an interesting story referenced earlier in the show where Claude ate somebody's

homework. This is the nightmare of all nightmares. Somebody was vibe coding. It was the founder

of Pocket OS, apparently.

They make software for rental car companies.

He was using Opus 4.6 through a cursor's AI platform, their coding platform, and, you know,

which is like the most expensive tier.

And he said he configured it with enough safety rules.

But the agent was working on a routine task.

They saw some sort of credentialing mismatch, and they decided to fix the mismatch by deleting

a railway volume without user confirmation.

And they pushed the code from a repo to a live app.

and they deleted everything, including the backups, literally a scene from Silicon Valley's

HBO clip of Son of Anton.

Hilarious.

You gave your AI permission to overwrite code in the internal file system.

Were you going to tell me about this?

No.

I thought that was the company policy these days.

Okay.

Well, your AI just failed epically.

That's unclear.

It's possible that Son of Anton decided that the most efficient way to get rid of all the

Bugs was to get rid of all the software, which is technically and statistically correct.

But artificial neural nets are sort of a black box, so we'll never know for sure.

How did they get that so right, Sacks?

Five or six years ago, Art and Neural networks are a black box, so I guess we'll never know.

But technically, it was correct.

Freeberg, when you blow up a hollow system with your vibe coding, which you were absolutely

showing off in front of Jensen a couple of weeks ago about how much code you're pushing,

who are you going to blame?

You're going to take responsibility yourself?

Are you going to blame Claude or Curseder?

Who are you going to blame when you blow up the entire stack over at O'Halo?

Who you blame you?

Yeah, I'll blame Dario.

Okay, that's what I thought.

That's the correct answer.

Correct answer.

Blame Dario.

He's the one who says it's a doomsday machine.

Come on the prod.

Any time Dario, 17th, 10.

I would have invited the guy like 17 times.

He is totally going to be.

He wants nothing to do with this podcast.

Actually, let me speak to that.

So I think that there's maybe a misperception that this error occurred because of,

you know, quote unquote, AI scheming.

Like kind of in that video that the AI decided that the best way to get rid of bugs is to

basically eliminate the code base.

This is kind of like the, you know, AI is going to turn the world into paperclips type

thing where somehow it'll like mischeme.

That's not really what happened here.

This is a case of just a old-fashioned bugs occurring at an edge.

case. You know, you've got the fact that this API was not designed for permissioned usage. You've got

the fact that a credential was left kind of lying around. Probably it should not be. There's kind of like a

perfect storm that caused the AI to do something or the agent to do something. I didn't quite

understand what it was doing. I think that if there is a systemic problem here rather than just

kind of a, like a random edge case, is that AI still doesn't know what it doesn't know.

You know, like a human would stop before deleting a production database and just say, oh, I'm about

to do something like really serious, really destructive.

Am I sure I want to do this, you know?

And a human would have stopped and said, oh, wait a second, like, I need to be more confident

and what I'm doing before I take that action.

And AI still has this issue where, again, it can be kind of overconfident.

this is where the hallucinations come from,

is it doesn't know when it should have a low confidence in its output, right?

But this is why it has to be supervised.

The longer the time horizon for a task,

the more likely it is to go off the rails.

It'll drift.

And it drift, exactly.

And this is why I think people are starting to realize

that this idea of eliminating all software developers was the peak of inflated expectations.

Yes.

Right.

There was actually a really good tweet on this.

by Aaron Levy, who's got the right take on this.

Aaron retweeted Matthew Iglesias, who sort of sordonically tweeted that five months in,

I think I've decided I don't want a vibe code.

I want professionally managed software companies to use AI coding assistance to make more

better, cheaper software products that they sell to me for money.

Just lower your prices.

Don't make me vibe code, is the translation.

Yeah, I mean, I think like a rare win for Madaglacius there.

Anyway, Aaron Levy then says,

Agentic coding is a huge boom for software developers that want to get more done.

And it's fantastic for anyone curious to learn how to start coding.

What it's less great for is casually building complex software that you have to maintain on an ongoing

basis and take all the risk for.

Upgrades, maintenance, keeping up with today with latest security issues, you know,

the bugs, cyber.

Those are taxes on most knowledge workers who aren't familiar with the system.

It's not a tax.

It's a huge risk.

Yes.

As a risk has to be managed.

It's a risk. People will get fired because there will be some public companies where some goofball tries to vibe code their way out of something and they're going to torch the enterprise value. It's going to be glorious to watch because we're all going to laugh and realize that was stupid and should never have happened in the first place. Yeah. I mean, there is a chance that this improves to the point, passes trial of disillusionment and become super productive. And you'll be able to get an agent to do reasonable things without deleting your data set. But we have a way to go. Here is your.

You know, this is the tech adoption chart.

Basically, you got a technology gets triggered.

You have the trial.

You have this peak of inflated expectations.

You're going to the trial of disillusionment.

And then the slope of enlightenment and eventually it becomes der Ruger.

And it's an opportunity.

Hey, Friedberg, you have become Reda Trutide Curious.

And also, tell me about Reda, Friedberg, because I want it.

I want to get on it.

I want to use it.

And I need you to tell Nat that it's okay for me to take it.

I have a friend who has some advice as well.

Over to you, Friedberg.

The coverage is coming out of this phase three clinical trial data release that Lilly put out last month.

So everyone's going crazy over the data, which continues to show pretty amazing results.

So unlike Terseptitide, which is kind of Lily's main product today, which is a dual agonist,

it's got two peptides in it.

that bind to different receptors, the GLP1, the GIP receptor.

This other one now also binds to glucagon, which is a third receptor.

And that glucagon receptor binding peptide causes the cells to increase their metabolism,

which actually accelerates fat energy consumption over what would typically be muscle energy consumption.

It's more likely to burn up fat early on, which causes more quick fat loss, but also reduces muscle loss.

And some of the other data that's now coming out shows non-HDL cholesterol down 27 percent, triglycerides down 41 percent.

Liver fat down 80 percent?

The 80 percent reduction of liver fat.

A1C drops from 7.9 percent to 6 percent in 40 weeks, which is amazing, by the way, if you're diabetic and your A1C drops that much in a couple of months, it's literally a life-saving product.

the average user in this phase three trial saw their weight decline from 214 pounds they lost 37 pounds that's compared to six pounds on placebo in 40 weeks and you know modest side effects 20% people felt more nauseous than the people that were on the placebo there's a lot of other separate studies that are being done now that are showing significant reductions in inflammatory signaling molecules so systemic signaling molecules so systemic signal

of like, hey, cells are in distress, triggers this kind of inflammatory process that can have a lot

of other damage to your body, can accelerate aging. And so one of the other conversations is that Reta

Trutide might actually be kind of a de-aging drug as well. Oh, Hercules, Hercules, you know,

and a lot of the studies, by the way, are done on the very high dose, 12 milligram dose,

but you could probably get this thing dose down to two milligrams and still see a lot of the

anti-inflammatory maintenance and other benefits. I'm no doctor, but people are going nuts over

this being more widely useful than just for clinical obesity or type 1 or type 2 diabetes.

When's the projected date? 2027, mid-27. That's what they're saying. Could happen sooner. I mean,

the data's in, you know, the FDA will take their time to evaluate it, but I think given the way

this is all looking, could happen sooner, could happen sometime later this year. Swim, Chimah.

Swim said it's incredible and that it's living up to the hype in their experience.

Who?

Swim.

What is that?

What is that?

Someone who isn't me.

Swim.

This is a Reddit term.

Someone who isn't me said who has a guy.

Swim has a guy and has cycled on Reddit Trutide and does push-ups and says muscle gain

has been spectacular, no muscle loss, and a lowering of.

Fat. If you go on X and you just search up, Reda, it's like incredible. You see these like 65-year-old guys

that go from a dad bod to looking like an incredibly ripped athlete in weeks. And I, I mean,

I'm shocked. And for me, I don't need that help per se, but my liver health is important to me,

my cardiac health because I'm South Asian. And it just looks like a wonder drug. I can't wait.

When you starve your body, when you turn off the appetite, which is the GLP1 agonist function,

normally your body goes into this kind of mode of starvation, and you have this process by which

your body tries to generate energy from your existing cells.

And because muscle is much denser than fat, you can have a favoring of muscle tissue being

kind of broken up over fat tissue.

But what this new agonus, this glucagon agonus they put into this retitrutide, is it favors fat

burning over muscle burning. And so that actually can drive short-term use at low dose for people

to cut weight and maintain muscle and get ripped. And so that's why a lot of people in the kind of

fitness community are talking about, hey, I want to get access to this and get on it for a while.

So you'll see a lot more hype probably in that community as well as all the health effects.

It just feels like we're about to have an absolute avalanche of peptides to choose from.

On November of 2025, Lilly cut a deal with the Trump administration. I saw this to drop.

the price on Trezepotide pretty significantly. I think it's like 50 bucks on Medicare.

50 bucks from Medicare, yeah. Yeah, which is a pretty cheap price point. But it starts to make sense.

As you think about the portfolio of Lilly products, you get tersepetide for 50 bucks. But if you want

to upgrade, you get the retichutide, that's the high premium product. And that's where they're

going to start to make all this money. That'll be the Mercedes to the Honda. Because I'm sure if I'm

Lily and I'm sitting there and I'm looking at this data coming out. I'm like, my God, people will pay for

this. And that starts to become sort of like the upgrade to the BMW or the Model S plat, if you

Will. Yeah, the trezepatide is like the one bedroom, messy bed hotel room. And the other one's

the sweet. And red or trutide is like the two bedroom suite. You can also, by the way, that you guys

know I'm a spokesman for Roe. They also have the Wagovi pill, Roe.co slash twist, to get your

Wait, are you a paid spokesman? What are you talking about? What are you talking about?

It's me, Charles Barkley, and Serino Williams are all ads over a twist.

And then you come over on All In and you start promoting that.

No, no, no, no, no.

Trust me, we'll get one of those as well.

We'll get a Rodeco sponsorship here.

What was the roll pill that you had me get?

What was it called?

Oh, Sparks.

Sparks.

Do you take it?

I have taken it and now.

Amore, please.

No, no, no.

Maybe just a half of it allows you.

Jake, I want to hear the story.

I want to hear the story.

It's so out of control.

It is out of control.

It is out of control.

It is what I told you.

So then what happens is Nat and I are like, you can't, you can't just randomly use it.

It's scheduled.

We discuss it.

We put it on a calendar.

Yes.

We need a plan.

You need a plan.

Can't go away with the work sparks.

Because it's otherwise it's too much.

It just can't randomly take it.

What do you mean?

It's going to be a session.

It's going to be a whole thing, man.

It's like I don't have the energy for that anymore.

It's an extended session.

You have to be well rested.

Don't do this at 1 a.m.

This is like a 10 p.m.

No, no.

This is more like a, this is more like a, this is more like, you know, like 10.

10 a.m to 12 p.m., you know, to noon, you know, you've got to really, you got to really schedule it.

Schedule it.

Because otherwise it's.

Otherwise, it's unfair to her.

It's got to be empty.

Otherwise, it's unfair to her.

And it's just a lot.

It's a lot.

It's a big commitment, literally.

You look embarrassed, Tomah.

Do you feel embarrassed talking about it?

It's just a lot, man.

It's like, it's a lot to handle.

It's a lot.

It's a lot.

If you want to get the extra 20% in your performance, it's a lot.

It's a lot.

It's basically going.

But Jason, so what happened was, I was like, oh, what is this thing?

Jason's like, dude, you must get it, you must get it.

So we got it.

We tried it.

And we were like, what the fuck was that?

And so then I've been trying to bleed the pills out.

So I gave some to Stan Tang.

I'm like, Stanley, you try it.

Literally, he's dealing him like cards.

But when we're having poker dinner, I'm like, does anybody want to try these things?

It's like the, what is it, Rookela?

Roast Sparks.

Shout out to my friends out, out row.

All right, let's keep moving here.

Friedberg, guys.

Friedberg had his own personal Super Bowl. You see me getting ready for Nick's playoff season. I get my

court side. Freiburg had the equivalence acts. He went to the Supreme Court in order to hear

them talk about chemicals. This was a big deal for him. The Supreme Court coming together.

Did you wear a... Was it the Monsanto? Yes, the Monsanto trial happened to the Supreme Court. And he went.

He got court side. He went to the Supreme Court and listened in the building. Have you guys

ever seen alive Supreme Court hearing? No, I'd love to, though. I'd love to. Tacks, have you been?

No, I haven't actually. I mean, honestly, I think it was one of the most amazing experiences I've ever had.

There was a massive protest out front. We went through the Marshall's office to get in. And that building,

you walk in, it's like sacred. It's all marble. You're not allowed to talk. You have to be super

quiet when you're in the building. Like, they keep going, shh, like you're in some quiet library.

It's like people treat it with this level of kind of sanctity and respect. And they're like,

There is no politics here.

There is no bullshit.

There is no freedom of speech.

This is the court.

When you come into this court, the justices tell you how you will speak, how you will behave,

what you will do, and you will not speak unless spoken to.

You put all your stuff in a locker.

You go up the stairs.

You go into the courtroom.

And the courtroom, it's just so amazing being in there.

They have this amazing marble phrase above the justices that has some of the great people

of human history, Moses, and these kind of amazing historical figures.

and then below them are the nine justices.

And the court case, if you guys haven't watched a case,

you can listen to them, I think, online.

Yeah, they're on you.

Hold on.

Wait, wait, wait.

I have questions.

So does Robert sit in the middle because he's the chief?

Yes.

And then do all of the right justices sit on the right?

No.

They're mixed.

So I think I don't know, I don't know the exact seating, but they're mixed in terms of.

It's probably based on appointment to the court.

Yeah, I think that's right.

And then so, yeah, that's right.

And then it kind of goes out from the middle with Roberts in the middle.

Roberts occasionally will name the justices and say, hey, do you have a question? Do you have a question

if no one's talking? But otherwise, the justices will jump in with their questions when they want

and they'll ask. Now, honest to God, watching this is like watching LeBron James play basketball.

These lawyers are so mind-blowingly impressive on both sides that you would just like sit there

and I was like in awe. It was so, I felt like my energy was completely sapped from me at the end of this

process because you are just so engaged and so caught into the way that these guys are thinking

and talking. Did you take a row sparks? Do you take a row sparks when you were there?

No. And if you're familiar enough with the case or the case history or the law that's being

debated, because again, when you get to the Supreme Court, you never debate the case.

What you're debating is the legal interpretation of the decisions that were made on the case.

And so is this constitutional? How do you interpret this particular act, this law, this federal

law? What's the right way to think about it? So you don't actually.

actually talk about the case, you talk about the interpretation of American law, of our laws,

of the Constitution.

You're saying the facts have already been determined.

That's right.

At a lower court, there's questions of fact and questions of law.

The facts have already been determined by the lower court.

It's just Supreme Court is ruling on questions of law.

That's right.

And so they have a full briefing with a full history of the case.

And remember, they only hear two cases a day.

So they're one hour each for each hearing.

So you go in and they only do it Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, on the last two weeks.

and they only hear cases from October to April.

There's only a handful of cases that are selected.

Wow, so you're really on a shock clock then to make your case.

You're on a shot clock, and it's 30 minutes aside, and then the justices will ask question.

So this was Monsanto and Roundup, right?

So what was the law that was being debated?

For years, the regulatory body, the EPA, sets the label for pesticides.

Does this cause cancer or not?

What are the warnings?

This can be damaging for birth defects, pregnancy, all the things that we're all used to seeing on labels

when you buy a product, a chemical product.

And the EPA and the regulatory authority determined that Roundup does not cause cancer.

When you sell a pesticide, you first have to register it with the EPA, get it approved,

and then the EPA gives you a label.

And the label is written by the EPA.

It says exactly what you're supposed to say.

And in this case, it said all this stuff doesn't say cancer because they determine it does not cause cancer.

And I'm not going to debate whether or not it causes cancer.

But that's the case that was made is that the EPA is the regulatory body.

under a federal act called FIFRA,

Fungicide, Insecticide, or Dinnocide Act.

And that's where the EPA is given the regulatory authority

to put the label on these products.

And all of the cases that have been lost

have been state failure-to-warn cases.

To date, Bayer, which now owns Monsanto,

has paid out $10 billion in these lawsuits,

and they have reserved $10 billion on their balance sheet.

They have 90,000 cases still outstanding in the courts.

$90,000.

Wow.

And so this one case got kind of appealed up to the Supreme Court.

Last year, the White House Solicitor General, and if the Solicitor General steps up and

asks the Supreme Court to take a case, it's more likely the case gets taken.

So the White House said, please take this case.

We need to have federal preemption, meaning the federal government has the right to set

the label.

Because all of the cases that have been lost and that are being adjudicated are in state

courts where the state has a law, like in California, called a failure to warn law,

which means if a manufacturer knows that a product carries a risk, you have to warn the consumer.

And so the lawyers have been arguing that Monsanto or Bayer knew that this product caused cancer

and didn't warn the consumer. And they've been winning cases, they've been losing cases,

but they've won enough cases that this has now become a multi-deca billion dollar problem.

And so the argument is that the EPA says it doesn't cause cancer and they have federal preemption.

So the EPA has the right to determine.

So that's the one argument.

But then when the other attorney came up,

this guy was literally like watching LeBron James.

And so going in, we were like, oh, 6-3, Bayer is going to win.

And then the other guy comes up.

And he was like, well, hey, you guys overturned the Chevron doctrine last year.

You guys remember that case?

We're basically, when the Chevron doctrine got overturned,

it basically said that no longer does the federal agency get to decide.

It has to be a direct reading of the law.

It's not.

Dda-da-da.

So now, so he's saying, like, the states should have a right

to read the law themselves,

they shouldn't have to just defer to the EPA.

And that's what this will come down to.

So at the end of it, we were like,

oh my God, this could be a 50-50 coin flip,

5-4 either way.

And going into it,

we were kind of like trying to say,

hey, maybe this could be 6'3.

So honestly, the whole experience was incredible.

The case is interesting.

These are very complicated matters.

How are these people able to make a fulsome argument?

Like, one side gets 30 minutes,

the other side gets 30 minutes.

There's a little Q&A,

and then you're done in an hour?

There's this whole art.

And science and Sacks, you're probably familiar with this on how do you distill down a Supreme Court case in the briefing dock?

Like, what is it your petitioning around the court?

And you're trying to distill it down to the exact legal interpretation you want the judges to rule on.

Not all the other bullshit.

And this is oral arguments, yes.

Oral arguments, just a discussion.

And then the judges jump in and all they're doing is asking the lawyer questions.

One lawyer at a time, the one side and then the other side.

And by the way, the Solicitor General came up in the middle and kind of made a few comments and asked her some questions from the White House.

and she sat down.

And then the two sides kind of went back and forth.

And they just, it's like 30 minutes Q&A each on that one specific legal question.

And Kataji Brown Jackson said,

but what if after the EPA issued the label,

they found out information that it does cause cancer.

Shouldn't they update the label?

And he's saying, well, no, they're not allowed to.

They could only issue the label the EPA says.

And he says also, and it's a criminal case if they find out that it does cause cancer

and they don't report it to the EPA.

And then she's saying, well, what if the EPA doesn't act?

and shouldn't the states have a right to protect their people?

So those are the legal arguments, the discussions that are going on in all of this.

And there's interesting implications, which is fundamentally,

if the states get to interpret federal law and ignore federal regulatory bodies,

it opens up a whole new can't a worms in terms of like all the states can start to ignore

federal regulatory bodies like the EPA or the FDA or the USDA and on and on.

So the whole case has a whole bunch of really interesting implications wound up in it.

when you hear these guys and they're just talking Chimoth about that exact like

interpretation of the law.

And that's what this comes down to.

It's not the actual case that matters.

And after the sacks,

they go from oral arguments and then they have like a private conference where they'll

write their papers and give their final judgment.

Yeah.

Sacks.

Yeah.

I think what happens is that so I guess there's some discussion that happens behind closed

doors and they figure out where the majority is and then the chief gets to assign who

writes the opinion for the majority.

Yeah.

in that meeting, nobody is allowed in.

And in fact, you have a double door system where, like, if anything needs to come in

and out, you have to, like, kind of like, knock on the door, you're led into this anti-chamber.

Oh, is it an airlock?

It's effective.

We, I had, I don't know if you were there, Jason, but we had Ted Cruz come to play in the poker game.

I wasn't that.

And Ted Cruz clerked for William Rehnquist.

And if you want to have an incredible dinner, ask him about the Supreme Court and Bill

Rehnquist. He's a real student of the Supreme Court, and it just makes the Supreme Court

Freebert, to your point, sound like the most incredible body that's ever been created anywhere.

By the way, more than the White House, more than the Capitol building, more than any of these

other big agencies, this place has, it's almost like being in England. It has these kind of

ways that people operate. The security is so different. They kind of stand there in the court,

and they all exchange places every 20 minutes.

It's very coordinated.

How many people are in the courtroom listening?

Maybe like 150, I would say.

How do you get to take it?

Are they on some other children?

I actually think everyone is a guest of a clerk or someone that works at the court.

I don't think that it's like very publicly available to get in there.

You can't line up?

There's no lineup.

I don't know if there's a lineup.

This was a connection through the-

We got in through the Chief Justice.

He gave us the past, but I think it was like very...

I think at the Elon versus Open AI case, you can line up and then the judge gave like 30 tickets to the press.

But that's not the Supreme Court.

No, no, yeah.

But I think there's a lineup for the Supreme Court as well.

There's some public access that they're-

It did not look like anyone from the public was in this court.

Maybe it's a lottery or something.

Everyone is dressed respectfully.

I mean, this court has an incredible amount of like, you know, kind of people.

That's a super cool experience.

It's a great.

Yeah.

I would just say, enjoy it while you can.

I mean, I think the Supreme Court is one of the last highly functional institutions in the United States.

100%.

At some point, we're going to have like 13 or 21 or some crazy number of justices up there.

They should put in an arena and get jerseys and everybody show up with their jerseys.

It's going to be a row of justices there.

And so enjoy it while it's still in the current, in the current form it's in.

Can you imagine showing up with jerseys with the justices names on them and like having sections and like somebody selling cracker jacks?

The idiocry version of the Supreme Court.

Exactly.

The popularity of the court really depends on whether it's issuing decisions that people agree with.

That's what it comes down to.

If you ask people whether they like this from court or not, it really just depends on whether they agree with the decisions are coming out.

As opposed to the process of the decisions and how well argued it is and all these things that you're pointing to.

And actually, I mean, I just checked the numbers.

the court is relatively popular right now. I think that it got as low as 35% in the 2024 Gallup survey,

but I think it's back up to, you know, like 44 to 50% favorability, which for something that's

involved in politics is relatively high, right? Like you look at Congress or any particular

politician, they're going to be lower than that, typically. I just felt so assured of, like,

the institution when I visited and saw these guys interact and behave and how they

behave the process. It was like, man, this, what an amazing country. Well, the reason I say what

I say is there was an interview with James Carville recently. Did you guys see this?

I saw that. He said, look, when we get power, we're packing the court. So we're not even

going to, we're not going to worry about it. Yeah, he said get to 13, right? He said,

yeah, they're going to go from 9 to 13. And then they're going to create some new states and all the

rest of it. So that'll be that.

Enjoy a while last. Enjoy a lot of laughs.

By the way, end on a high note.

It's the end of the empire.

That'll be that. By the way, there is a Supreme Court, I was correct, there is an online

ticketing lottery so we can all sign up and you can get a four pack of tickets.

I think they should make this. We should talk to Howard Lutnik. Maybe he can make this an auction.

We get a revenue stream for the U.S. We could sell like 10 of the tickets as court side seats for

20 grad. Jason, you're exactly what they're trying to protect against happening. Exactly.

How can we monetize the Supreme Court? All right, everybody. That's it. That's the world's

greatest podcast for you for Chimov Polly Hopatia, David Freeberg, and David Sacks. I am the

world's greatest moderator. We'll see you next time. You're like the chief justice. I'm like the

chief justice of the Allend podcast.

Love you, Westies.

I'm queen of kinwa.

I should all just get a room and just have one big huge orgy.

You could sexual tension, but they just need to release them out.

Fee.

We need to get merchies are fast.