=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - AI Side Quests, Zaslav's Payday, SF Housing Market is Back | Shyam Sankar, Gili Raanan, Anna Patterson, Jake Loosararian, carried_no_interest
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/ai-side-quests-zaslavs-payday-sf-housing-market-is-back-shyam-sankar-gili-raanan-anna-patterson-jake-loosararian-carried-no-interest
Datum: 2026-03-18
Länge: ~175k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TBPN Ultradome, the Temple of Technology.

Shopify is the commerce platform that grows of your business. Let's you sell in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social, on marketplaces, and not anything.

The St. Patrick's Day, we are not drinking Guinness currently.

We hope that you are.

Yeah, enjoy it.

Very exciting.

I haven't seen a lot of St. Patrick's Day posts on the timeline.

What's going on?

We've got to step it up.

I feel like we should have planned much, much more.

But it seems like Tyler is in the St. Patrick's Day mood and is wearing a fantastic St. Patrick's Day hat.

I'm thinking of my hat.

How did you wind up here?

That's a nice happen.

Where did that come from?

Did we just have that?

No, I had this.

Oh, you just had it.

You had it handy.

You just daily drive that.

Yeah.

Okay, yeah.

It wasn't in your car?

Yeah, he wore it to the gym this morning.

Okay.

Oh, yeah, cool.

Yeah.

Apparently got to wear green.

Diori's going with a little bit of a darker green today.

Yeah.

But we will still be.

I'm funny.

Let's pull up the linear lineup, show you who we have on the show today.

Carried no interest.

The anonymous poster is coming on the show at 1145.

Then Champs Sank Car.

from Palantir Technologies is coming for a massive book launch.

We're very excited about that.

And then we have a lightning round going through cybersecurity, ceramic AI.

We have gecko robotics on the show.

I don't know how familiar we are with Gecko robotics,

but it's a very, very interesting company

where they crawl up oil and gas infrastructure,

literally like gecko's and we'll like inspect everything.

There's a lot more to the business.

So like humans in gecko outfits crawling around?

No, robots.

Robots.

Yeah, they've been doing robots for a long time.

Okay.

Well, Linear, of course, is the system for modern software development.

70% of enterprise workspaces on linear are using agents.

So, in the news, the Wall Street Journal has an article about,

this is a scoop from Berber Jin.

We didn't have to break down the paywall because we get a copy of the Wall Street Journal every day.

Although, I don't know if this particular piece made it into the print edition today.

It might be in the print edition tomorrow.

But Berber Jin has a scoop.

It says, Open AI's Fiji's Emo told staff last week that the company could not

afford to be distracted by side quests, main quest only. Main quest only. What is the main quest?

Probably just scaling compute, but we'll get into that. And there's a whole bunch of takes

back and forth, said the company execs are actively looking at areas to deprioritize.

Of course, throughout last year, Open AI launched a ton of different initiatives across consumer

hardware. And I think a lot of people were studying to say, like, okay, like, do you want to be

fighting a battle on all these different fronts, or do you want to just really nail consumer,

nail enterprise, and now that is what they are signaling internally? So from the Wall Street

Journal article, OpenAIA's top executives are finalizing plans for a major strategy shift to refocus

the company around coding and business users, recognizing that a do-everything all at once strategy has put

them on the defensive. Fiji-Simo, OpenAIS CEO of applications previewed the changes to employees

at an all-hands meeting telling them the top leaders, including Sam Altman, and

and Mark Chen, we're actively looking at which areas to deprioritize.

They expect to notify staff about the changes in the coming weeks.

We cannot miss this moment because we are distracted by side quests.

Side quests is the key term there.

We really have to nail productivity in general,

and particularly productivity on the business front.

I was listening to a podcast with the head of ChatGPT last night,

and there were a bunch of things.

Nick Turley.

Just talking about, like, it's such a weird product surface area

because people come to it from all these different reasons.

So how you prioritize things within there.

Like images in chat GPT clearly very important.

That was a separate app at one point.

It got rolled in to good success.

Nanobanana was also sort of like a,

okay, everyone should download this particular app

because you're going to get the best frontier image model for a while.

SORA.

Yeah, we had talked about this a while back,

and it seems to be confirmed now

that SORA's functionality will just end up in the main chat chitpt app.

Yeah, yeah. So last year, Open AI announced an array of new products, including the video generator, SORA, a web browser called Atlas, a new hardware device, and e-commerce features for chat GPT. Some of those are like wildly different timelines for these things.

Yeah, and remember during this time, that's when I started talking about viewing Open AI's activities like they were a hyperscaler, right?

when Google launches a new product,

you don't have to assume that, hey, it's going to work every single time.

And in fact, it's the exact opposite.

A lot of these experiments don't end up going anywhere.

It's fine.

And Open AI, like, again, you have this, like, massively scaling, you know, core business.

You start to say, like, hey, let's experiment in a bunch of these different areas.

Some of them are going to work.

Some aren't.

It's okay.

but then ultimately that creates a scenario where you're sort of like opening up maybe too many fronts right to the competition, right?

You're competing with meta and social with SORA.

You're competing with Google in some ways.

You're competing with even like the Microsofts of the world in other ways.

And ultimately this just feels like, hey, let's like narrow the fronts.

And I think a lot of people expected something like this for the last few months.

OTP in the chat is surfacing a very interesting old take from Ben Thompson about open AI should not be in the API business. And now, based on the way things look, it, it originally that was like, oh, well, maybe Microsoft will be able to handle and scale the API demand. But API demand has been so huge, and it's allowed Anthropic to develop such a solid business there that it's undeniable that Open AI should also be in the API business, especially. Yeah, the other side of that is like they clearly need to be in the harness,

business too, which is why Codex is

exhilarating. Yeah, yeah, and so

the hyperscaler,

like your take of

like think about OpenAI

as the new is the new hyper scaler.

I think that takes aged

extremely well, especially with

recent interviews with Dylan Patel and Dorkech,

Jensen just went on Sturtecary.

There's a whole bunch of new data

points that show how compute

constrained we are, how

tricky it will be, how chips will be

the key bottleneck. There was that

interesting story that Tyler was recounting from Dylan Patel about how the TPU was developed by

the TPU team. DeepMind didn't realize how important it was going to be, how compute constraint

they were going to be. So the TPU went and sold it to Anthropic. And then DeepMind went back to them.

And it was like, wait, wait, wait, we want those chips. Like, we need the chips. And so there's

there's this like the hyperscaler phrase is really, really important in that it designates

not just a big consumer company or a big business.

It's particularly about the ability to marshal compute at hyper scale, right?

And so I was interested to look at like the history of side quests among mag seven companies,

among trillion dollar tech companies, because it's all over the place.

And so it's very hard to paint with a broad brush.

I think right now there's a huge narrative around like opening I was doing way too many side quests.

They need to do zero side quests.

And the reality is probably like, you know, we've seen this with Riley Walls joining the labs team.

Like there will be small projects.

There will be acquisitions.

There will be a continuum of bets.

There's just a level of refocusing that's going on right now.

Yeah.

And reorganization.

And this has happened at many, many things.

Yeah.

And I think the bet with the Open AI Labs team is you have a really small group of people that are focused on creating or being quick to new product, like, approaches.

Yeah.

And, but that can be, again, like, a two.

two pizza team.

Yep.

And that type of experimentation is going to make more sense if the rest of the

company needs to refocus on enterprise and the core business.

Yeah, Tyler, is that data point you shared earlier, like public about the size of that

particular team?

I didn't want to mention it.

The sword team?

Yeah.

I think it's, people know it.

Okay, people know the store team was small.

It was like six people.

But also I was going to say, I think now that you have so many neolabs doing these kind

of like weird, kind of moonshot research projects, I think it also, you know, adds

to this thing where, like,

Maybe you don't actually need people internally doing those same things.

You can just acquire them if they work.

Yep, yeah.

We got to get into that conspiracy theory later,

but there's this idea of all the Neo Labs teaming up to Marshall community together.

We got to dig into that.

Anyway, history of side quests in tech.

Can we paint with a broad brush here?

Spoiler alert, I think the answer is no.

But there are some fascinating stories.

So Google has a balloon internet play that's a serious company called

Project Loon where they inflate balloons that go into the stratosphere, I believe. They go high up and

then they deliver internet, sort of competitive Starlink, some promising stuff there. They also have

fiber, they have the fiber play too. Oh yeah, they just sold that. Yeah. People are so upset about that

because like dealing with your ISP is one of the roughest things ever. I've had such a bad time with

various ISPs.

Oftentimes I would,

running a small business,

running a startup,

I would put it on my personal account

and then I would have like six lines

for like different people

and then one of them wouldn't get paid

and I'd get sent to collections for like...

Yeah, that happened to you?

The only time I've ever had

like some credit issue

was I returned the router

and then they,

even though I still had an active account

there's another line with them

They were like, you didn't return it.

We billed you.

Yeah.

And somehow, Nick, are we still paying internet at the Jonathan Club or did we fix that?

I said you this.

You did?

But we haven't returned the equipment.

I returned the equipment.

Okay.

We're definitely, we're, we're, we're definitely getting fleeced for sure.

But that was the, that is the status quo.

And it was awesome when Google was just handling it with Google level service.

But hard to sell ads against.

Hard to sell ads against.

So they divest it.

I guess, but that's not even close to the weirdest thing. The weirdest Google side project that I found is they make a contact lens that will tell you how drunk you are. I'm not kidding about this. Google, they have a project. It does more than that. It's supposed to do biometrics, and it can do a lot of different things. But one of the things that it can measure, it can measure glucose in your tears. It can measure any sort of like biomarker that's in your tears, which apparently is like a rich source of data. But when you're

One of them is blood alcohol level.

So you can put in this contact lens from Google, and it will tell you how drunk are drunk.

Jarvis.

Am I drunk?

Am I good?

Am I good to drive?

You're absolutely not.

He's like, sir, you should take a Waymo tonight.

Would you like me to connect you?

See, this is all part of the plan.

They're going to stop people from drunk driving.

All right.

Give them Waymos.

It works.

So that was a weird one.

They also briefly own Boston Dynamics, but most importantly, they bought DeepMind,

which was completely seen as like this wild card side project.

How does that fit in?

it's a bunch of researchers, and then it became like the most critical thing.

Amazon has taken tons of shots at journal-related delivery and home security stuff.

They also own Twitch, but they never really linked the site to live shopping and closed that loop.

Have you thought that that's weird?

And Jassy doesn't do earnings calls on Twitch.

He doesn't do earnings calls on Twitch.

She should.

And a lot of the looks maxing live streamers have decamped to a different platform.

Let me get some, what do you, Ws?

Let me get some Ws in the chat for this quarter.

for this CAPEX guide.

Let me get some Ws in the chat for the CAPX guide.

Of course, Apple.

Tried to build a car, then pulled out.

Who knows where the Applevision Pro goes,

although, of course, I hope it continues.

I'm hoping for another Apple Vision Pro.

Apple Vision Air, just make it lighter.

Same screen.

That's the trick.

Make it like a thousand bucks.

I think it'll sell.

And they have a bunch of health moon shots.

They've been working on non-invasive glucose monitoring,

which is there's some book about it called like the white whale

of biotech or something. It's something that people have been working on for so long and

they've never been able to crack it. They've worked on this. The best thing I think they have

is that you can get a continuous glucose monitor. Thank you for the W's in the chat, by the way.

There's a lot of Ws in the chat. You can get a continuous glucose monitor that is invasives,

meaning it is pricking you, it is measuring your blood and then calculating the amount of glucose

in that. That's helpful for continuous glucose monitoring. There's a number of companies that

do that in sort of a D to C realm levels. There's a number of biotech companies that offer

that as like a healthcare product. And you can wirelessly connect that now to your Apple Watch,

but they can't do it in the Apple Watch. There's always been the question about like, could you

just shine a light through your skin and detect the blood, the glucose in the blood?

Very, very difficult to do. Potentially, always possible. Everyone thought, oh, it doesn't break

the laws of physics. Lots of money spent with little to show for it, at least so far. Meta is probably

the most egregious sidequest. They do. They don't do side quests. They do.

full quests. They create side quests in VR. There's actually one of the popular games. It's all about

doing side quests. And yeah, I mean, they bought Oculus. They bought a bunch of VR studios. They

roll everything up. They rename the company, spent tens of billions of dollars on what is starting to feel

like less of a side quest, but still is so early. You know, the meta raybans are like a success,

but to the tune of millions of units, not, you know, billions of units or anything like that or

hundreds of millions of units. I think the iPhone has an install base over a billion.

now and the ramp from here to there on meta ray bands is going to be long.

Tesla launched a premium tequila in a lightning bolt shaped bottle.

So it comes for all different Mac 7 companies.

That one's more of a stunt.

But it truly like side quests come in all shapes and sizes.

Some are just good for morale.

Like it's just fun.

We do side quests here all day long.

TBPN simulator, that's a side quest.

What was the other simulator?

Jeremy Giffon simulator.

That was a side quest.

You know, they're just fun.

Some of them are good for marketing, good for attention, good for fun.

Some are complete dumpster fires where you just pour money in and it just sucks all resources and you get nothing out.

And then some reshape businesses entirely.

Deep Mind's a great example.

And there's certainly others in the Mag 7 that have really, really changed the business.

And so...

Yeah, it seems like the entire boring company is a side quest.

Yeah, it's technically a separate company.

but Elon's, yeah, king of sidequest.

Although, I think...

Yeah, I mean, it just feels like the company

that gets the least amount of attention

that's not like on the critical path

for many of the other projects.

Totally. Yeah.

Still a very cool idea.

I mean, every time you're sitting in traffic,

it's so, like, tangible to know, oh, like,

if we just had more...

Treating to yearning for the minds, basically.

Yes, yes, yes.

But very, very difficult.

And, I mean, it's been, what, over a decade?

and there's really like a very limited role out of that technology.

So, but it's still cooking.

I think the business is still going and they're working on it.

So some of Open AIs teams come from very small teams with relatively tiny compute budgets,

but they get a lot of attention sometimes because of the particular product category.

Soar is a great example where small team, not huge resource investment,

probably a lot of inference and training cost, but relative to codex 5.4,

I don't know. I don't know. I don't know actually know how we're looking on the order of magnitude there.

Yeah, I think a big, yeah, big part of it. But super viral. Yeah. And what what percentage of the team,

yeah, the overall team's energy is going towards a specific product. Yeah, yeah. And then,

but so the idea of experimenting quickly and then consolidating efforts even faster makes a ton of sense.

Nano banana was a big deal for Gemini, bringing image, video, and audio generation together in a single chat.

GPT flow is clearly the next step.

And so some of this is not, it's probably not going to take the form of like stop doing the side quest.

It's like, let's fold that into the main quest because clearly the interaction pattern of chat GPT is where people want to go.

And so once we've done the experiment, it works, put it all together.

Dylan Patel and Dorcasch said the TAM for GPT 5.4 was north of $100 billion, which is crazy for a bunch of reasons.

I mean, it's just a huge market that was created in just a few years.

The enterprise opportunity in general is crystal clear for anyone involved.

At the same time, you still do need to experiment to make sure you are early to create the next breakout product experience.

And so with that backdrop, open AI labs and being more efficient with the shots on goal makes a lot of sense.

I still think that the overall narrative around AI, just in AI broadly this year, will be about the main quest, which I see as like compute scaling.

And so raise the money, do the deals, grow the capacity.

I was thinking back to Travis on the show saying,

if you're doing something and it's easy, it's not valuable.

The key is if money matters, which I think we say,

we would say it does, especially in certain categories.

He was probably thinking of ride sharing where there was a capital war

and AI compute where there's also a capital war.

You need to be the best in the world at it.

Yeah.

Yeah, and I think overall there's real competition now.

Yeah.

It's intense, right?

You have Open AI Anthropic.

at the frontier, pushing very, very hard.

But the other side of this for opening eye is like all the, yes, there was a ton of stuff

that was announced last year.

There was hardware, SORA, et cetera.

But Sam was running around doing all these different mega deals for the compute side that

now served the main quest.

And so the positioning is actually great.

Yeah.

Yeah.

RL environments, voice, robotics, evals, and expert human data, label box is the data

factory behind the world's leading AI teams.

With a more capable baseline, it's great for super complex tasks like visualizing difficult concepts,

synthesizing beta into a single view, or bringing creative projects to life.

And speaking of Google, Google Capital Bloch, the longtime Google Bowl, says,

So Anthropic and Open AI are going to just give the consumer market to Google.

And I don't know how, I mean, yes, they're like Open AI reportedly planning to shift the strategy.

to refocus around business users and vibe coders.

There's a lot of stuff going on there.

Listening to some of the data around the retention curve of the various products,

like, I don't think that they're giving up on consumer at all.

That seems like sort of an odd read.

It will be interesting to see the next iteration of Google's consumer surface area

because they have AI search overviews, AI mode, the Gemini app.

It's in Gmail.

But there's clearly some like UI fighting going.

on. It's so funny when you're in Chrome and you have the ability to open one Ask Gemini

panel in Chrome and then you can open a second Ask Gemini panel in Gmail, the app. And so both at the

web layer and the browser layer, you have two chat boxes that look exactly the same and do the

same thing. This feels like a very much like a V1 of what they will do here. So there's certainly

an opportunity for Google to reintroduce the AI

features, make them more tightly aligned with what people are actually doing.

And you have to imagine that a lot of the progress they're making on agent decoding can

then come to the Gemini surface area in consumer overall.

Yeah, and we can pull up this chart that Sam showed of codex usage.

This is like the, again, this is like what I think is informing, like, the battle

with Anthropic as well as like this chart is going to inform the strategy shift,

which is like, hey, we can run, we can take revenue into the hundreds of billions of

dollars with the current products that we have. Let's focus on them and make the best

possible products. Dean Ball is using Codex? Is that what he's saying? Just hit a personal

record for single coding agent session of a little under 10 hours. GPD 5.4 X high in the Codex app,

unsurprisingly. No flashy app, just really complicated economic research prompt. At this point,

most of my prompts do not stress these agents all that much. To be clear, this is 10 hours of

continuous work. I have meaningfully exceeded 10 hours if we include periods when the agent was

waiting for jobs to complete. So what does this mean? Is he talking about like firing off one prompt

and coming back 10 hours later or just going back and forth? Because he says agent session.

I think he's saying about firing off one 10 hour.

I thought he meant he's in Codex, like the terminal, and he's in there for 10 hours.

Locked in.

That's amazing.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

Yeah, it is very interesting to see.

I mean, Doug O'Loughlin was talking about how he moved a lot of his research.

He wasn't building soft.

No, he's saying it's not a flashy app that he's building just a really complicated economic research prompt.

To be clear, this is 10 hours of continuous work.

I have meaningfully exceeded 10.

So I think what he's doing is he's asking like, okay, pull together all the census data about jobs.

Now go and pull together all the economic indicators.

Pull together all the inflation data.

Somebody asked how much time was back, how much was back and forth was going on versus the agent spending time on its own?

He said zero back and forth.

So this is 10 hours of the agent just like cooking.

Wow.

That's really crazy.

What is this prompt? It must have been pretty long, I imagine? That's crazy

It fit within his current rate limits on the $200 open AI tier in the codex app where rate limits are currently higher than usual

To outperform expectations the prompt was primarily about the political economy of central government transfers to Indian states slash union territories

I think I think honestly this match my expectations of what 5.4 can do when it's properly prompted what did it get started

It encountered a bunch of problems along the way, but doesn't appear to have gotten stuck for too long on any one thing.

It was just a steppy process, so it just kept working.

That is absolutely crazy.

In other news, OpenAI is forming a joint venture with TPG, Advent International,

Bain Capital, and Brookfield asset management.

This is great news.

AIs coming to Fogo to Chow.

... enterprise products across the firm's portfolio companies and beyond.

The proposed deal is a free money value of money value.

AIMATO.

Bain Capital owns Fogo to Fogo to Chau.

Capital owns Fogo de Chow, the Brazilian Steakhouse.

Maybe now they can take Apple Pay.

Oh, yeah, we got cooked on that.

That would be a good, I don't know.

Maybe they deliberately don't.

I wonder if Apple Pay is expensive for them, and this is actually a cost consideration.

Fiji CMO said this news came out a little bit earlier than we planned.

We're excited to be building a deployment arm, and we'll share more details soon.

Companies have a ton of urgency to deploy AI in their organizations, and we're sprinting to meet that demand.

more than one million businesses run on Open AI products.

Codex is now at 2 million weekly active users,

up nearly 4X since the start of the year.

API usage jumped 20% in the week after GPT 5.4 Watch

launched in Frontier, which launched last month

to help enterprises build, deploy, and manage AI co-workers

that can do real work, has way more demand than we can handle.

That's why we launched Frontier alliances,

so we leverage our ecosystem of partners in scale to scale,

and that is also why we're launching a dedicated deployment arm

tasked with embedding forward-deployed engineers deeply inside enterprises.

This project has been in the works with our investors and alliance partners since last December,

and we are grateful for them and their partnership.

We're still early.

But the speed of adoption is a clear signal of where this is headed.

We're excited to not just be building these technologies,

but also building many ways for companies to deploy them and get impact.

Interesting.

Because there was a big talk for a long time about like the next-gen private equity firm

will buy businesses and deploy AI inside them.

And this feels like, well, maybe that works

at the mid-market private equity level,

but you don't necessarily need a new AI native private equity firm

because Bain Capital-A-I can sports-eat-eat-eat.

Traditional private equity is not going to just be like,

oh, we'll figure out AI in 2030.

It's not really on a roadmap right now.

They're working as hard as they can to implement it.

The question is like, will traditional private equity,

be able to

basically like roll out and unlock the value of AI better

than some of these like AI native,

more like venture oriented roll-ups.

Okay, so 5.4 mini announced today.

So different sizes of models don't count a side quest.

These are main quest, right?

These are main quest aligned.

But what is the pitch for a mini or a nano model?

Yeah, I mean, so this is just like,

I think someone ran some e-bows

and the mini models are equivalent to GPT5 when that first came out.

But it's just way cheaper, right?

So if you're like consensitive, if you're running a ton, a ton of queries,

but they don't need to be like the max, you know, intelligence,

then you just use this.

So cheaper, but also faster?

Yes, probably, yes.

And potentially runs on older hardware?

I think that's unclear.

This is bullish for our vintage NeoCloud.

Yeah.

The oldest GPUs ever made.

Yeah, this was a crazy idea yesterday.

Yeah.

We're going to run this on 1080s from my gaming.

People love classic cars.

Yeah, classic GPUs.

Yeah, I mean, it's like doesn't, like, how small the model is doesn't actually, like, matter on what hardware.

Imagine running your vintage neocloud with wood-fired hearth powering at all.

Yeah.

But, I mean, you have to imagine that what's after Blackwell?

What's the one that announced today?

Vera Rubin?

Rubin.

Rubin.

Like, you have to imagine

that there will be models

that only run on Rubin

and need to be sort of

re-architected to run on Hopper,

I would imagine.

Sure, I mean,

I think there's like small performance

boost that you can get.

Or it might just be slower.

But you can always,

you can run any model on, like,

any hardware.

It's just like, it could be like way, way slower

because you have to be,

way, way slower.

The memory's on a fleet of A-100s

when you could just be on like,

like a smaller rack of Rubens.

Interesting.

Well,

That's exciting.

CalShe came out with the $1 billion.

Century shows developers what's broken and helps them fix it fast.

That's why 150,000 organizations use it to keep their apps working.

Investing for those who take it seriously.

Stocks, options, bonds, crypto treasuries, and more with great customer service.

So what did CalShe launch?

CalShe launched the $1 billion perfect bracket challenge,

$1 billion for a perfect March Madness bracket.

So you can win $1 billion for entering this competition?

I haven't read the fine print, but it is positioned that way.

Vinny says it would be hilarious if Citadel built out a team to attempt to financially

impair their competitors.

So Sig Parometrics from Susquehanna is basically like the financial backer for this promotion.

So if Citadel can figure this out, they could leave their competitor with a $1 billion bill.

Obviously, trying to nail the perfect bracket is functionally impossible, but never would have

Ken Griffin.

So there are nine quintillion possible brackets.

So the odds of a perfect bracket are one in nine quintillion.

And I believe that they are capping entries.

I like my odds.

I like my odds.

And I believe that they are capping entries at 10 million entries.

So if you math that out and then you take some insurance out, like you should be able to, you know,

hedge out any of the risk.

If you are good and you don't suffer from any skill issues, you can basically, with strong basketball

knowledge, if you have ball knowledge, apparently you can get the odds down to like one in 10 billion.

And at that, you know, not from nine quintillion to 10 billion.

If you have non quintillion and you can sort them by how likely they are.

take the top 10 million. That's, you know, maybe there's some kind of power law thing here where we actually

Yes. You're getting, you're getting close. We get close. But I think, I think if there's 10 million,

if there's 10 million, like, assume that there's 10 billion reasonable brackets. And,

and out of the nine quintillion, so you're, you're discarding like all the craziest upsets to get to that 10 billion.

You already ranked it and narrowed it down by like, what, six orders of magnitude or something.

And then you're submitting the top 10 million of the,

those 10 billion, like your odds of winning are still one in a thousand.

You can make it a thousand accounts.

And that's a...

No, no, no, no.

I think that they are capping the entire campaign to the first 10 million entries.

So you have to be on Kalshi and you have...

My open claw already submitted the fall.

Nine quintillion.

The SEC prepares proposal to eliminate quarterly reporting if you liked earning...

I was thinking like this bad for us.

We like earnings days, but it's not like our whole schick, so I think we'll be okay.

We will continue soldiering on.

Good Alexander says, finally less transparency around financial results.

Yeah, I don't know, I don't know if this is going to be enough to make it easier to be a public company.

It's certainly a burden, but the kind of shareholder lawsuit risk and all that other stuff feels like a much bigger burden.

What this is just going to do is create more volatility.

right, if you're only getting updates twice a year.

You can just see these massive swings because it's like, hey, we haven't heard from this

management team in a formal capacity for six months.

The business could have changed wildly, you know, growth rates fluctuating, et cetera.

And so again, if you love volatility, you're probably going to love this.

So it's good for the VIX.

That's bullish for VIX investors.

out there. There is a world where, I mean, the typical, like, public versus private debate is that

when you're private, you can think in multiple years, depending on who your investors are,

maybe think in decades even, whereas when you're in the public markets, you need to think in

quarters. And so advancing that from quarterly to six months, and you start putting management

teams in, okay, what can we deliver that will show up in six months, as opposed to what can

we deliver that shows up in three months. That's twice as long. It feels like you could wind up with

better run companies doing more ambitious things. I don't know. There is a bull case.

Yeah. I mean, the other side of it is you just get more complacency. There's less of that.

There's less of that. You're not like on the daily March. You know, you finish earnings and you're

like, okay, 90 days. We got to do this again. Like there's no days off kind of thing.

So are you an advocate for monthly reporting? Daily. Daily earnings.

Sculls. Potentially hourly. Just put, I mean, this is the, this is the crypto folks. They're like,

put it on the blockchain. I want to be able to see in real time the revenues of this asset stream

and how things are moving around. I want full transparency at all times as an investor. I don't

know. I think that there is a, there's a potential for a good outcome here, but we will have to

keep an eye on it and see what actually happens. This is just a proposal. It's just, the proposal

isn't even, we are preparing for a proposal. So the proposal hasn't happened. We're preparing

for the proposal. It's an advanced, it's an advanced idea. No, it's a preliminary talk. It's an advanced

idea for early talks for early talks for a proposal, exactly, around a potential proposal.

You know the FDA actually works that way, ANPRMs, it's like advanced notice of proposed rulemaking.

So they tell the industry, okay, we are thinking about making a rule. Good luck. Good luck.

And then everyone's like, we're suing. Don't change the rules. Because I have set up my entire business for

this particular set of rules. And if you change it, it's like completely over for me.

Because every business is like set up like this. They're like narrowly thread to whatever

and AI companies advertise on streaming TV, pick channels, target audiences, measure sales,

Unlocked seamless, real-time experiences, a new value with Cisco.

So. Invitea. Invite.

And VININANANANANANANANAN, VINAN, DLSS-5 and AI powered breakthrough and visual,

for games coming this fall.

Video games are going to get more realistic.

Prepare.

Over the next couple decades, this is going to be,

this is entirely possible this happens.

Continue.

Let's pull up the video.

It's funny because when I see the video,

I want to see it big.

When I see the video,

my thought was weren't video games already this realistic,

but I haven't played video games besides Tetris on the automatic.

Oh, yeah.

A long time.

So let's play G4.

RTX, DLSS-5, DLSS of course stands for deep learning super shading, something like that, DLSS.

It uses deep learning.

It's used AI for a long time.

The whole pitch for DLSS, super sampling, has always been go from a 720P render to 4K, up res,

just interpolate the pixels.

This is different.

You can see that it's not just becoming higher resolution.

it is becoming gen AI.

Like there is a world where you render that at higher res.

The lighting is changing.

The shading is changing.

The makeup, the structure of that person's face is changing, but it's still driven by the underlying.

Why are you posting the bubbles?

Because I'm ranting.

I want to see ELSS5 do this.

Oh, yeah.

But this is what we were talking about yesterday.

We were like, what will it take to get TBPN simulator photo real?

I think we should try.

and pipe it through DLSS-S-5.

Although, who knows what this is going to run on because

Nvidia's not shipping new graphics cards to gamers or something like that.

They're delaying the next gaming graphics card.

But I think that looks better.

I don't know.

People are upset.

There's a community note that has yet to be accepted,

but the community notes are not happy.

One of the community notes is just AI slop.

And it's like, yeah, like, that's in the name.

It's deep learning.

Like, what do you think the DL stands for?

And also, why are we on D.

DLSS-5.

Oh, because this is like a decade-old technology?

I don't know.

People are very upset.

One of the community knows, AI technology is disastrous in the environment.

The majority of gamers did not ask for this.

Is that the, are those the most photorealistic video games that we have today?

And then they're showing how they're even getting more realistic.

No, no, no.

Yeah, because they don't look, they look like games that are kind of like animated characters

that aren't trying to be photoreal.

So there's a range of games there that some of them have pretty outdated engines, pretty outdated

rendering pipelines.

Some of them are on the latest and greatest and look very high fidelity.

There's also a whole bunch of tradeoffs in game development around the scale of what you're

building and how many poker chips you want to put into great graphics.

If you're making some moody first-person shooter that's going to be.

be dark and there's going to be lots of, you know, like blood splattering and aliens and stuff.

Like, you could potentially make it ultra photo real.

But if you're trying to build like something like Minecraft, it's like this massive world

that's interacted with a ton of different people, like by narrowing down the scope, like the

beauty of Minecraft was that the whole thing's voxel-based, which is like these little blocks.

And so the computer can store like an entire world very efficiently.

because all it needs to say is just there's a cube there and it's green.

There's a cube there and it's black.

There's a cube there and it's gray.

What do you think?

I was going to say Minecraft is a good example of what this can improve, right?

You go to the next post.

Oh, yes, yes, yes.

This is what Minecraft could look like.

This is what Minecraft could look like.

There are drawbacks, obviously,

because you're driving the style transfer from the particular images,

from the shape.

You're not reconstructing the entire image.

just applying this like, you know, re-rendering on top of the underlying structure. And so

you can get really weird outcomes like this. Of course, you can re-render the full scene, but if you're

doing that on a per-frame basis. So right now, basically what we're seeing with DLSS is, is

the best AI can do in 10 milliseconds, I think, or something like that, because it's, it needs to do

this basically, if you're running a game at 60 FPS, it needs to be able to do it 60 times per second.

So you can't be waiting around for images in Chagabiti or Nano Banana to cook for a minute on

each frame. It has to be real time. But also on consumer hardware, right? Yeah, on consumer hardware too.

Because this is not going to be hosting the cloud. The whole point is that you can run in your

gaming PC. And by that token, this feels this feels like it's not just four years behind.

This feels like it's like one or two years behind in terms of the actual quality of the output.

I'm actually pretty impressed.

If this was going back to like Dali II quality,

I would have expected that because Dali II was running on a fleet of A100s, H-100, something like.

Sure, but I mean the underlying tech is very different, right?

Because you have like a very clear ground truth, right?

Where you know what's supposed to be there.

There's this kind of upsampling.

Well, so I mean, the data pipeline here, the actual ground truth,

is a little bit harder for something like this. They have, they probably have to use image gen

to generate the high-res versions to actually generate all that. Because previously, DLSS was

really easy to train because you would just go and run the game at 4K on great hardware

and then go and run the exact same, you'd render it twice, like from the same exact game

footage. So you'd have someone play the game and on one monitor it would be 720p, on one it would be 4K,

and then they would record both, and they would say,

these are exactly the same thing.

Every frame is the same.

Learn how to take the 720P image and create the 4K image.

Now they have to say, okay, well, we have a 4K image.

Let's run that through a Gen AI pipeline to make it like photo real.

Do that a ton, probably on a fleet of GPUs that are not consumer hardware.

Then you have your training data.

Then you go run the DLSS pipeline and get this like style transfer algorithm that can run

60 fps. Anyway.

But there have been like open source image models

that have done like really good upsampling for a while

now. But at this level?

Are you talking about up resing or are you

talking about like, I would consider this

like re-rendering using like something

that feels like diffusion. Like this

feels like because if you look

at any of these examples, it's

very clear that they're not just increasing

the pixel count. Like the hair

in that woman's image like

the hair has a different

shape after you turn DLL

SS on. It's not just higher resolution. Yeah, that's true. So, like, there has to be something

like that they're training on. But, and I think that there probably will be very small hallucinations

still if you were like to zoom in, whereas that wasn't really true with like the, the 720P to 4K

pipeline. Like, you would get, like, like, whatever the cut out of that image was that you were upresing

would remain the same, whereas this is actually like re-rendering it, basically.

Well, none of this will matter when we have.

have a billion GPUs in space.

Let's head over to space.

Fund your wallet without exchanges or middlemen and spend with the Phantom card.

Octa helps you assign every AI agent, I trust AGO so you get the power of AI without the risk.

Secure every agent, secure any agent with Octa.

Take us to space, Jensen.

Let's listen to Jensen talking about data centers in space.

Courtesy of Nick.

I'll spend very little time on this time.

However, we're going to space.

We've already been out in space.

In out in space, Thor is radiation approved, and we're in satellites.

You do imaging from satellites in the future.

We'll also build data centers in space.

Obviously very complicated to do so.

We're working with our partners on a new computer called Vera Rubin Space One, and it's

going to go out to space and start data centers out in space.

Now of course, in space, there's no conduction, there's no convection.

There's just radiation.

And so we have to figure out how to cool these systems out in space.

But we've got lots of great...

I'll spend very little...

Got lots of great engineers working on it.

It was very funny listening to Dylan Patel talk about space data centers

and saying that, like, yeah, even if you solve everything,

like, it's still hard to make chips.

It's just like it still comes down to the chip bottleneck above all else.

Yeah, I mean, this is why you see Elon doing the TerraFab thing, right?

Yeah, yeah.

I really want to know what his plan is for that,

because has he put in an order for a tool,

or is he going to do Terra ASML?

Like, because there's like, the supply chain is, what, 10,000 companies?

I mean, historically, they've done, they've gone super, super early in the supply chain, right?

They've been, like, you know, mining stuff.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

But, I don't know, toolmaking is a special, special industry.

Well, speaking of Dylan Patel, semi-analysis, was featured at Nvidia, GTC,

see the inference king has been crowned.

Invidia won a massive belt and it looks like Jensen's holding it up.

He is in fact standing in front of a LED wall or projector, but a beautiful thing to see

the semi-analysis logo.

It's all WWE.

The entire world is W.

It's so good.

NVIDIA Extreme code design revolutionized token cost, the G.B. NBL 72 is the inference

King with 50x higher performance per watt on inference X by semi-analysis, 35x lower cost.

Very very exciting and congrats to Jensen for becoming the inference king and winning the

inference max award or inference X as it's now known.

Jensen is also confirming what we see in our GPU availability data.

There is an epic scramble for compute B-200 basically unavailable availability for GH, Grace Hopper,

200, H-200, A-100, and A-100 also collapsing.

Low availability means high demand.

And people were kind of going back joking about, like,

he said like one trillion of demand or something over some period of time.

And people were like, oh, so he's guiding down.

It's like, I guess that's where we're at.

Yeah, it's hard when you're doing, when you're doing cumulative revenue.

Let's move over to a much smaller deal for Netflix.

Warner Brothers and the final deal, which went to Paramount, of course, and David Zazlov is in the

Wall Street Journal. First, I will tell you about Vanta. Automate Compliance and Security, Vanta

is the leading AI trust management platform. So, David Zazlov deal could, deal pay, could top $800 million

after last-minute tax benefit. So Warner Brothers chief executive, David Zazlov, could collect more

than $800 million in severance and other payments after Rival Paramount acquires the company.

The sum of cash includes, the sum includes cash and payments for options and restricted stock holdings,

as well as a newly adopted tax reimbursement for Zazlov in a securities disclosure filed late Monday.

The total doesn't include the more than 20 million he's likely to get for shares he owns outright,

so he's been investing as well.

About $504 million is due to Zazlov if the deal closes, the company said.

While $47 million would be triggered if he is fired or leaves under circumstances within a year of the close,

$116 million in equity has already vested, some $335 million would only kick in if other payments trigger a 20% federal excise tax on golden parachute severance payments he receives.

The ultimate value of the payout is based on tax code rules that are expected to cause it to significantly decline with the passage of time.

The company said in a filing, without the tax payment, the total would be about $667 million.

Companies typically try to keep severance at or below three times salary and target annual bonus to avoid or minimize the tax.

And investors often criticize companies for reimbursing or grossing up executives for the tax.

The company said Zazlov wouldn't have to pay the excise tax if the deal closes in 2027, which would save the company costs of the tax gross up.

So there's been a lot of back.

Yeah, a lot of people are absolutely...

Did he earn that?

Yeah, absolutely pissed.

And the reason that I think it is warranted from a business standpoint is when we were sitting here last year talking with someone who won't be named in the media space, somebody who has done deals not at this scale, but in the billions of dollars, he was sitting here telling us at this very table that he didn't think there would be any bidding process at all.

And it was just going to land with the Ellison's for a pretty predictable price.

And Zazlov did his job as CEO to get the best possible price for shareholders.

And that is why he was able to have outsized impact.

He's getting outsized compensation.

He increased the enterprise value through his dealmaking by tens of billions of dollars.

And he's getting a significant but I think warranted payment.

And if you don't like this, then you probably have.

don't like the game of business very much either.

Or you think Warner Brothers Discovery should have just used like OpenClaw on a Mac Mini or something

that to negotiate the sale.

Put the whole company on eBay and let everyone bid.

Just do an auction.

Actually, eBay's fees are pretty high.

I think eBay takes like multiple percentage.

They would take a higher fee.

I think they would take a higher fee, actually.

It's like a $100 billion deal.

Don't they take like 3%?

So by that, I mean, maybe.

We're saving money.

We're using a human in this case.

But, of course, some of what he did, you know, between the dinners and the photos

and all of these different negotiations and somehow continuing to get paramount to make

offers but then say that it wasn't their best in final.

I don't know how you do that.

He's clearly...

Multiple offers back to back that were not the best in final.

Quickly, let me tell you everyone about Lambda.

Lambda is the superintelligence cloud building AI super commuter for training and inference.

that scale from one GPU to hundreds of thousands.

And without further ado, we have Carried No Interest,

the anonymous ex-user with the most fantastic profile picture.

How are you?

As always.

No interest?

No, do pretty well.

I'm going to repeat Carried no interest as many times as possible so that I don't say your real name,

Carried.

But good to have you here, Carried.

Thanks for taking the time to join the show.

why don't you tell us what's been on your mind lately?

Well, it feels like the chickens are coming home to roost in old private credit software land.

And I'm going to take a little cheeky victory lap here.

Who could have predicted this?

No one could have predicted this except you on December 12th of 2024,

you wrote a post called the Bubble and Software Private Equity Private Credit Edition.

and you did a deep dive on a ton of lending data and discovered, you said, some hilarious stuff.

You said for a while there have been rumors forming that a bubble in private credit related to private equity.

I'm somewhat certain a mini bubble forming in software private equity, private credit, and then you get into it.

So what were you seeing back then that prompted the post?

So what I was seeing, right?

And it's wild that kind of a nameless private markets investor with a pitchbook subscription,

no intentional advertiser for them just there, was able to pull this data and knew it themselves,

but anybody with a pitch book so could have done it.

What prompted this is that I was simply being shown deals by investment bankers

where the financing structure, I think, would make the average American kind of scratch their head, right?

Like if you had told the average person on the street that you could take a business with $100 million in revenue and no profit and lever it up to buy it with no profit at all and have to repay a good chunk of it in four years, your average America would go, no way.

That's not a thing that you're allowed to do, right?

But depending on how good your relationship was with a certain subset of private credit lenders, that is certainly a thing that was allowed to do.

And so what prompted the post was that I kept being shown deals with financing structures.

I could not believe, right, from very good sponsors historically who were excellent.

And then I thought to myself, you know what, I'm just going to pull all this data for Pittsburgh

do this thing myself. And what I found was this giant bar in the years 2028 and 29

where a lot of my wonderful colleagues in South for Private Equity would have to pay a good chunk

of that debt back. And it kind of terrified me because something else was happening at the same time

that was somewhat scary, which was you could see on a, there are a bunch of different investment

banks who have published this. Carl Square, a bunch of the other ones that are at software boutiques,

you can see on a graph that the multiple on ARR was coming down in private market transactions.

Let's not even talk about Publix, which now have become more relevant than ever.

And I kind of looked at that graph and the graph of all the debt coming due.

And, you know, my stomach churned a little bit. And then I wrote up.

And so the sponsors, their idea was, hey, the debt's going to come due in 2028 or 2029,

but we're going to roll it over and we'll just kick.

kind of kick the can down the road, but then now with AI disruption and a lot of questions,

people aren't going to want to lend in the same way to these businesses.

I mean, the irony is it all kicked off with interest rates back in like 2021 and 2022.

And you can see in the post, right, from Carl Square in 2021, right, the unprofitable growth

software company in Carl Square's own investment banking data traded it 9.1 times ARR in

I'm so excited to hear what sound you use next.

In 2022, it was 3.4.

So you went from 9 times...

Yeah, there it is.

That was very good.

Very, very mature.

You went from 9.1 times ARR, down to 3.4 times ARR,

and you can even...

Like, how much software ammany it took place in 2020 and 2021 that was sponsored back.

It was a lot.

Who is in control of it?

I am sorry, I'll stop.

Oh, wow.

You're really good at that, man.

You've got a lot of talent.

And so it's kind of scary.

Now we have, you know, 30% of sponsored back transactions with software at one point.

And everybody's been kind of kicking the can for a while.

And now everyone is noticing.

Okay.

Take us back and explain, like, our, when I think about these, like, software deal,

take privates or buyouts of private companies and there's debt involved.

I go back to like the LBO boom, the milken era, barbarians of the gate.

Obviously those were big deals.

Is that the correct structure that I'm thinking of?

It's just LBO, but instead of like a cigarette company or a food company or some other

industrial company, it's a software company now.

And then after some of that history, I want to know like what is fundamentally different

about these software deals?

because that LBO boom seemed to last for decades.

Yes.

Yeah.

And so I think that it all comes down to the fact that they were borrowing against ARR and not EBITDA.

There's very little profit to borrow against with a high growth enterprise software company.

And so what do you do?

You need to juice your IRA somehow so you need to borrow.

So you go to a bunch of private credit funds and you say, look, I've never lost money.

I'm talking about a very specific firm right now.

I've never lost money on a deal.

You can't lose with me.

Just let me borrow against the ARR.

And before it comes due, you know me, I'm going to sell it.

And we're all going to buy another golf stream.

And we're going to laugh about this in four years.

The problem was that the liquidity just left, right?

Both in terms of the most important person who could buy it, which was a strategic acquirer, right?

When stock prices fell and interest rates went up, you're just not as inquisitive.

But now you lump in the fact that AI is creating all these existential questions for enterprise

software companies.

Yeah.

And you have the depressed public valuations, you know, and you have no profit.

So your recovery rate with your lender might even be low, right?

Sure, sure.

You can't even take the keys of this business and milk it for dividends.

Yeah, yeah.

You have to do mass of restructuring.

That's a really scary proposition.

Did you, did you see the, the, the, the, AI disruption of enterprise software?

coming or did that hit you like a flashbang?

I mean, I did, but I was also

an AI or data scientist, as you know,

for a lot of years.

So I thought it was

someone inevitable.

That was

growing flashbang.

Yeah, no,

to almost said your name,

Carried's credit.

This time last year,

you were talking about

a specific product category

and you were saying, you know, 10 years ago to build a product in this space, I would have needed to raise $30 million to build something competitive.

Now I can do it with $300,000.

Yep.

And I'm going to go after it.

You were working on some deal at the time.

And so I think you did, you know, I don't know about on December 12th of 2024, but certainly at the very beginning of 2025, you were seeing that, like, hey, a lot of these companies that previously would have taken.

you know, tens to hundreds of millions of dollars to, like, rebuild and actually be competitive

with, you can now do with much less capital.

Oh, 100%. And I mean, I think that that is kind of, I think that, and here's maybe even a

price your take that I swear I'm going to write a longer post on. I think a lot of the stuff

around, you know, a really good enterprise software company is cooked because somebody's going

to vibe code it. I don't think that's going to happen, right? I think that the scarier thing that's

occurring now for private equity.

Actually.

It's actually that we're hearing rumors of customers that aren't signing three-year deals, right?

The entire basis of software PE being some of like one of the best private market

categories was that you had enterprise customers with three-year contracts.

Sure.

If every other enterprise customer says actually AI is just so amazing now and we don't know

where we're going to be and what it's going to look like, we're only doing one-year deals.

Okay.

That has like much bigger implications than, you know, somebody vibe coded a notion clone.

Sure.

Sure.

Right.

That's a big deal.

And I think that the reason that they're doing that, and this is the bigger threat, I think, to a lot of these companies, is the adjacency within the market map.

Like, if you look like Rippling and you have a very talented, like group of people like Ripplings, Ripplings employees, they can attack so many parts of the HR platform space now that they simply couldn't three years ago.

Sure.

And I think that's a lot scarier than the vibe coding to my colleagues in software private equity

than somebody just whipping one of these up and going out with a bunch of cold emails.

It's the adjacency threats in the market map.

Because now who's really going to go after?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And so you have like previously there was like it's not like an HR company.

It's like HR for hospital or HR for golf courses or some sort of narrow niche in a niche.

and that all of a sudden has been pretty easily added to Rippling's Tam, for example.

Yep.

Okay.

And another thing that I'm seeing just when I talk to people in the industry, I don't know that there's a scarier seat right now than Atoma or Vista.

Because the liquidity is just evaporating.

The appetite in the public market is gone.

The ability for these mega, these mega technology companies to do splashy 15 times ARR acquisitions for,

$15 billion gone.

That's a really scary.

Yeah, all your, you know, the hyperscalers want to put money to CAPEX or like various, like,

you know, core AI bets.

The public markets are going to put a massive discount because they don't know what

you're going to be doing in 10 years or even three years.

There's so much uncertainty.

And who wants to buy these companies at, at least the marks that they've had over the last

few years because of that same uncertainty?

So it's like where do these companies go?

the funds can continue to do continuation vehicles, but it's just like everyone is just kind of kicking

the can down the road forever.

You know, it's a scary time in the asset class.

I don't think that there's, you know, I think that there's going to be a massive kind of

resurgence of super ops focused software funds that might even be far more AI focused than

we could imagine, right?

Where you have PE funds where 50% of management fees is going to AI professionals.

I can see that very near term.

Yeah, what's your read on partnerships between the labs and the private equity firms?

We've seen a bunch of those happening versus like starting a new private equity firm that is like quote unquote AI native.

Oh, I mean, I think that not to use the cliche, but like it has to be like founder mode from the top.

Like you can't be trusting open AI to make your poor coast more money.

I think that it needs to be very much from the top of the firm really understanding what AI is capable of.

because I don't know how many times in history

that it used to take five years to build a factory

and now you can build it in two weeks.

That's the scenario.

We probably want an expert in factory building

at the top of the fund, right?

Or near the top.

And the rumors are that there's been a very slow adoption

at some of these funds that were just used to ZER.

And they were rolling in it for 15 years.

And I don't think the same thing.

And when you say slow adoption, slow adoption for AI,

like actually pushing AI first initiatives across the portfolio companies?

100%.

Like not the deal teams, but the actual operations teams.

Yeah.

So, you know, you own six different businesses that are doing 30 million low end of AARR.

How involved is your deal team in, I'm not even talking about AI adoption and the ops level.

I'm saying full-blown AI adoption across both product and ops.

And I think that if you're not doing that, you're going to be in big trouble in like three or four years.

What's the takeaway from Mark Leonard's kind of half retirement last year?

It felt like in many ways he, I don't know if he didn't, he didn't like, his exit didn't

top ticket, but he bailed right as there was going to be kind of like infinite questions

around the sustainability of the model that got them to that.

point obviously built a, you know, fantastic collection of software companies.

Well, here's the trick.

You know, Constellation never overpays.

So, like, they didn't do what, in my opinion, firms like Vista and some others did,

which was borrow and pay large ARR multiples for unprofitable businesses.

Like, Constellation does not pay a frequently more than six times even to hop for a software

company.

Yeah.

And price is like such a good insulation.

So if you just assume like a certain gross retention and you pay a certain price,

constellation is is likely safe.

Yeah.

I think that I think that they face the same threat that others do in the adjacency of the market map.

Right.

But their risk is much lower simply because they never overpay.

Right.

So how are you seeing like diffusion amongst these like sort of deeper in the economy software companies where the

small business that they sell to might not be tracking the latest frontier model development.

Oh, 5.4 nano launch today. I can cut my cost. They're just like, yeah, my business is,

golf courses and I need to pay my employees. So I'm just on this particular platform. And I don't

even take calls from competitors because it's just so far down the stack. It's only 1% of my

cost here. I don't think about it. Like, is there a world where

because AI takes time to diffuse, there's a whole bunch of humans in the loop, that some of these

software companies are actually just stickier than we expect them to be, even though on

principle they should be disrupted faster?

I 100% think that we are overestimating the rate of churn, right?

I think that that is pure timeline nonsense.

And somebody who sees, I was just going to write this, because I was actually getting frustrated.

I literally see these company financials, you know, I've seen them many times.

I'm not seeing this alleged vibe code churn yet, right?

It's just not showing up.

Horse carriage manufacturer says order flow looks great.

We have a big backlog.

There's no issues.

Sure.

Like, and maybe at some point you're going to see, you know, every other, you know,

middle market electronics distributor rolling their own ERP.

But it's not happening right now.

I try to keep like a check on my colleagues in other industries, right, that are non-tech.

And I literally like once a month, I just say, are you going to roll your own ERP this month?

And the answer is always no, right?

And at some point, that answer will start to shift.

And then one or two will do it.

It will go horribly.

Yeah, but the, but, but people have, you know, VCs are still funding AI native ERPs.

Like they're funding more ERPs.

Exactly.

But so I don't think the question has ever been, I haven't seen anyone saying all, you know, these like core system of record businesses are totally cooked.

It's every other, it's the next, you know, 50 pieces of software that might integrate into said ERP that there's a big question mark around.

So this actually circles back to, this actually circles back to what I was saying before, right?

there's a reason I said like half of your

deal team if you're in PE should have some level of

AI expertise because of that exact situation.

That's actually what I'm talking about.

And sorry,

to clarify their deal team,

you mean evaluating the transaction,

setting the price versus the operations team

that's actually going to go and work with management,

jump on the board.

Great question.

Depending on the size of the fund,

those could be the same group where they could be separate.

But no matter what,

should be a good amount of either AI first developers or just like AI first product people

that are helping your portfolio companies compete as the VCs subsidize the cac of the next

wave of quote unquote AI first replacement.

Sure, sure.

Yeah, because my like default assumption would be, okay, yes, you need your deal team to be able

to understand what moats are AI resistant, what aren't, like reevaluate the prices in the

AI era, but then the real AI expertise of selecting products, advancing software development workflows,

figuring out the right structure of the team mix, like, that's going to be much more on the

operational side of the folks that you deploy into these companies, the management teams that you

hire.

Yes.

Like an investment banker, no offense to my pals of investment banking, is not going to help

your port code be like, you know, AI first competitor proof.

That's not going to happen.

That's your biggest existential threat, right?

So, you know, I think you're going to see a reshuffling for the best firms that can see what is so clearly the future of ops around that to deal with all these AI-first, you know, YC and venture back competitors.

I think that's inevitable or you're going to be in trouble.

I think another side of it is I think that you're going to see a lot of point solutions, not trading hands at good multiples, right?

I think that you will see a big flight to pure mission critical software and PE, whereas I saw plenty of point solutions changing hands in 23, 2024.

Now, I don't see them trading and I don't, I think you can't underwrite that risk for your LPs.

You simply can't.

If I can swap it out in 12 hours, I don't think you can use your LP money on that in private equity.

How existential do you think everything that we're talking about is,

for like the big platform software PE funds.

Like do you think, do you think they can, you know,

eventually figure out how to exit some of these businesses?

They have some funds that, that, you know,

underperform or lose money, but then they're able to kind of reposition,

or do you think it's just, it's over?

I don't know, man.

It's not looking good.

Like, I mean, the public markets are saying, are telling us what the appetite is for these late stage software companies without massive AI tailwinds.

And it's a very scary proposition.

I don't see a shift barring interest rates going down and everybody jumping back into the casino.

I don't, I don't see it.

But I've been wrong before.

Well, the good news is interest rates are going up the last couple of years.

Perfect.

This is going to be great for everybody.

It's going to be wonderful.

But yeah, I think it's existential.

I think there's no doubt about it.

There's no seat.

I would want less than one of the bigger software PE funds right now.

Scary stuff.

And the rumor is that a lot of people are looking for the doors.

So what about other stuff that's like software adjacent, AI adjacent?

Like we've seen a lot of the private credit funds do deals for, you know, large AI data centers.

And that feels like a complete balance against like, you know, people are worried about.

software,

P.E. debt, but then if

that firm has a, you know,

some contract with meta for some

big data center, like meta seems like they're

going to be able to pay that bill.

Well, it's funny you say that. I think it all

comes down on the recovery rate, right?

Like, you know,

if the recovery rates are poor enough,

there will be nothing that Daddy Zuck can do

to save them, right? There's nothing he can do, right?

If recovery rate...

Well, he can keep paying his

his data center bell on time.

Well, yes.

There will be very little to hide from.

Their recovery rates are really low.

I don't know what those are going to look like, right?

And there's a whole new asset class coming, in my opinion, of software special situations

that's imminent, right?

And you can think about a deal structure that that would look like.

This is actually a really fun thought exercise, right?

So you have a software P.E. fund that was over levered, right?

and the private credit fund takes the keys.

And they're just trying to hope,

they're hoping to get anything back.

Sure.

And you can see a special situation.

John Zito saying, like, I think,

I think, you know, some of these deals,

you're going to be lucky if you get 30, 40 cents back.

And is that technically a bankruptcy or just like the shareholders get wiped?

Like, would you be declaring bankruptcy in that scenario?

Equity's taking a zero almost undoubtedly, right?

And depending on how the restructuring plans it pans out,

it certainly could end up that way.

Okay.

But you can see where a very, like a bending spoons like entity might come in and say,

you know, hey, creditor, we're going to help you out.

We're going to run this thing.

We're going to shift it to the constellation model.

Help me help you.

Yeah, help me, help you, right?

And we're going to ship this to the constellation model.

And you know what?

We're not going to focus on growth.

And we're just going to focus on dividends.

And we're going to try and get you out, right?

that's something that that a special situations investor might look at, right?

And I think that's a much more reliable way to derive ROR than we're going to turn around

this thing that went flat and isn't profitable at all today.

And I think AI enables some of these special situations a little bit more, and that's kind of

the whole bending spoon species on some level, right?

So I think there will be a new wave of software special sits people that come in and try to do

something with these overlavered software codes with the creditors in some form.

Okay, so, I mean, you said that like software P.E investors might be like heading for the door,

but isn't it possible that they spin up a new fund that does special situations, like develop new expertise,

like just reorient their strategy around, you know, curing log jams?

Yeah, I mean, well, you're already seeing people leaving Constellation to pursue this.

And I think that when LPs evaluate, who's the better option, they're going to go with the guy from Constellation.

should have a special sense than somebody from tel about our TA or

I was thinking about like internal to

they're like it was a special situation when I paid 50x ARR for this

it was quite special look you just didn't see my vision for this thing

okay uh what's your take on uh on zucks move with manis you were an early

manis ball uh he got a deal when when I was uh when I was kind of

When I saw that acquisition, I was thinking, hey, obviously a talented team have built a product that can get to real revenue.

But I think there were some questions of like, is Zuck just going to kind of wind down whatever they were doing and refocused on?

Yeah, was it a talent acquisition or product acquisition?

I was leaning more toward product acquisition.

They seemed to continue to be investing a lot in it, which is kind of interesting because it's a product category that meta doesn't.

They obviously serve a bunch of small businesses, but Manus is being positioned now as like an agent that can help you with your business or a school project.

And it just feels like, you know, obviously hyper, hyper competitive.

But what's your read on their strategy with Manus and their odds to actually compete in productivity against OpenAI, Anthropic, you know, Microsoft, or these other players?

Zuck, if you're listening right now, you got a deal, man.

That was good.

That was a good deal.

I love it.

I think that Zuck looked and he saw an absolutely magical product that he could have and he bought it, right?

It's magic.

I have spent thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars on Manus and it was worth every penny.

There are simply things that you can do with Manus that no other inference provider or product can do.

And I would reveal them, but they're Alphabet by the way.

Manus.

Manus.

It's an American company now.

Yeah.

And like there's literally things you can do with it.

I'm sure you saw the same thing.

Like, they figured out context, like LLM context in browser before anyone else

in ways that no one else has yet to figure out, right?

And I think that if Anthropic had figured it out, they would have pushed it.

I think if Open AI could figure it out, they would have pushed it.

And they simply haven't yet.

And he saw a piece of magic.

And he said, what are we got to pay to get the magic?

And I think it was right, because it's generational.

Like I said, I've spent a lot of money on Manus.

There's things Manus can do that no other.

infrastructure provider can do. And they benefit from open source. So there's another cheeky thing

that Zuck realized. Are you broadly an open source bowl? I feel like a lot of people are saying like

all the money flows to the frontier. You know, everyone just wants to use the best model. The Opus 46,

the GPT 5.4, Konex desktop can do a lot of these things. Have you actually tried the other

harnesses and found like a real big delta? You know, I am a, uh, I am a, uh,

Manus and Anthropic Maxi, so those are my two favorites.

So like I use Manus for certain tasks and Anthropic for others.

But like I'm certain that what Zuck realized is that I don't have to care about inference

and who's giving it to me because these guys figured out some really special stuff

around how does an LLM process data in and around a web browser.

So he realized, okay, this is kind of inference provider proof.

They figured out this piece of magic, this secret of a

L11 is using a browser.

I'm going to pay whatever price I need to get it.

And now, if you've heard,

he's already integrating it with like ads manager.

Yeah.

That makes so much sense.

Manis, I want to grow my business.

All right.

Give me every dollar in your bank account right now.

What is you?

Yeah.

No, credit to Zuck for kind of

either knowingly or accidentally

realizing that harnesses would be quite important.

Yeah.

Yeah.

And like I said, there's a lot of stuff Manus can do that no other, like, AI-related product can do for me.

Yeah.

And it's just really special.

So, yeah, I think you got to steal.

You pay whatever price you got to pay.

Within, like, the history of M&A, right?

I think it's a good bet.

It's a great bet.

Yeah, especially for their scale and the compute that they have.

Like, there's a lot that they can deliver there that another buyer would not be able to.

I actually think Manus is like one of the most underrated AI products today.

I just downloaded it. I'm going to try it out.

We had our intern, Tyler, download it and give it a try yesterday.

We'll get a review from him later on the show.

Well, I'll read out one.

Somebody in John in the YouTube chat says,

would be interesting to have Jeremy Gaffan back on with Carried No Interest,

do a sort of roundtable style back and forth on here.

I like Carried's analysis so much, feels up Jeremy's alley.

Oh, that'd be cool.

I totally agree. We should do that sometime.

That'd be great.

I've heard of that guy.

I've heard of that guy before.

Smart cookie.

You're both former TBPN guests.

He's been on the show.

We'd love to have you back.

Let's throw a smoke grenade and get him out of here.

Yeah, do it.

It's great to see you, Kerry.

See you later.

I'll get behind this production.

We'll see you soon.

It's been an honor.

What's the only thing faster than the AI market?

Your business on MongoDB, don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

They're the makers of Devin, the AI software engineer.

Crush your backlog with your personal AI engineering team.

Mid Journey's financials are crazy and underrated.

This is from Amrit.

Did not raise anything.

Build things in-house.

200 million ARR as of late 2023.

Confirmed $500 million in ARR as of 2025.

Maybe.

I don't know.

That sounds reasonable to me.

Yeah.

The question is like, how was,

the how was the meta deal structured, right? I assume that meta was just like, we're going to give you a ton of money

every year for some period of time. So I'm sure that that that factors in. Yeah, yeah, they must be

making a fortune. Okay, John, I said yesterday I wanted to order beef from a ranch with a live stream

to allow me to be present where the cattle are being raised. And this Indian startup lets you own a mango

tree for $11.11 per season. That's cool. It allows you to rent a mango tree and enjoy the entire harvest.

There are three types of trees you can rent. Base tree. You can get a base tree. Standard tree.

No. Max tree. No way. You can get 30 kilograms to 60 kilograms of mango. That's a lot of mangoes.

I love mangoes. We're going through them in my house. This company is operating in three states in

India. You select your favorite tree. Pay the money. You will get a dashboard with all the information

about the tree you rented connecting farmers with direct customers who love chemical-free fruits.

This is awesome.

Very, very cool.

I love it.

Yeah, we should definitely get a mango tree.

Tyler, can you get us one mango tree on the max plan?

On the mango max.

I want the mango max plan, please.

So, Tyler, have you had a chance to fire off a manis prompt and see what it's cooking?

Yeah, I mean, I think so far, maybe I'm not.

just not creative enough, but it's felt very similar to like the cowork kind of thing,

which is essentially just like a wrapper around cloud code.

So we can do your desktop.

It can interact with my desktop.

That's cool.

Interact with local files.

I haven't tried like using computer use yet.

I'll do that now.

I have like no local files anymore.

Like everything's either in the cloud or camera roll or like I just, I get a new computer.

I don't even like transfer anything over.

I just sign in to Gmail.

I'm like I'm good.

It's a very, very thin client these days.

But, you know, if you do have a lot of files, I guess that makes sense.

And I still do like that idea of, like, color grade every image off this thing.

And, I mean, just there's a ton of different research things that you can do.

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agent to deploy web app, servers, databases, and more,

while Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

So the AI boom has exploded the San Francisco housing market.

I believe we will have an expert coming on the show soon to discuss.

Rohan Dar is going to be joining next week to talk about this.

But the Wall Street Journal has a report today that we will read through some of it.

Pacific Heights Open House in January.

A line of people made their way up the steps of a two-bedroom, one-bath co-op.

There were 85 of them.

Steps, not people.

Aid flights, no elevator.

The property received 14 offers and sold for over $1.62 million,

more than $400,000 over the asking price,

While much of the U.S. housing market has been stuck in a rut, slowly elevated by mortgage rates,

slowed by elevated mortgage rates and home prices near record highs,

pockets of San Francisco are rebounding in a big way.

The AI boom, a new mayor, and other changes in municipal leadership have helped bring the city back,

reversing a year-long slump that was compounded by the ripple effects of the pandemic crime

and persistent struggles with homelessness.

Rents citywide were up 14% year-over-year in February.

And this is what we dug into when we looked at Daniel Gross's

AGI bets, he was saying, is San Francisco the new Detroit? And it was unclear if he meant

the current, is San Francisco going to be like the current Detroit or what Detroit was in its

heyday as a boom town? Well, it certainly feels like the latter. An uptick in demand with the

city's notorious lack of housing supply. They got to build the cube. They got to build some

cubes. They got to build some skyscrapers. This is the way. The munger dorm.

Yeah, the mungs a dorm.

They should build one of those.

They should tear down those houses.

They call them like the painted ladies.

You know, they should tear those down and build like the munger dorm with no windows.

That would be ideal.

Maybe BlackRock should start investing in San Francisco real estate.

I feel like they would have a good financial opportunity here.

Wow, everything's booming.

Condo prices, which had been sluggish for years, grew 12% year-over-year as of February

ahead of the spring peak, according to real estate brokerage compass.

Median sale price is 1.23 million. Single-family homes. Prices are up 23% with the median price at 1.96 million.

It's just skyrocket.

By comparison, the year-over-year median increase for existing home sales nationwide is just 0.3%.

Last month, 16 homes in San Francisco sold for 5 million or more, a 220-per-year bump.

It's just skyrocket, said Kelsey Carson, 34 years old, an attorney who is expecting her first child in June and has been house hunting with her husband.

husband since April, you're more likely to get outbid by an all-cash offer.

Carlson was outside a packed open house for a three-bedroom, two-bath condo on Buchanan Street

and Pacific Heights.

The area known for its breathtaking views in Mix and Mansions, Victorians, and pre-war apartment

buildings has long been sought after.

Carlson and her husband have been outbid on four properties so far, brutal, even a house

in nearby Presidio Heights that needs hundreds of thousands of dollars of work.

With AI, everyone's coming in with these huge sales.

She says we just can't keep up the pace.

There is some good news. There's a housing market that I think is potentially better than San Francisco growing a lot slower. It's only up 4% this year, year over year, as opposed to San Francisco, which is up 12%.

It's Alaska. And I would highly recommend if you've made your money in an AI

pick up a house in Anchorage. Average house prices up there $400,000.

doing very well. And you can throw a star link here. Let's move San Francisco.

The locals will love that. The locals will.

John has a long history with. I shouldn't even joke about it. I need to lock my account again.

If you see me with a locked account, you know that I've picked the hornets nest.

Anyway, so we're going to have Rohan, who is an SF realtor and has 100,000 followers on X

just talking about investing and advising claims.

tell you about Plaid. Plad powers the apps you use

to spend, save, borrow, and invest, securely connecting bank

accounts to move money, fight fraud, and improve lending

now with AI. And

let's see what Adam Newman

is up to because he's in Miami

and was featured in an Instagram

reel, a TikTok collab with

none other than Caleb Simpson,

Caleb W. Simpson. Adam Neumman.

How much you pay for in Miami? How much

you pay for in Miami? In Miami, I don't rent,

I develop. Okay. He's a developer.

I come into the main lobby

and I get a cinnamon butter and coffee.

going on over here out of me you should do one of these in Alaska I don't know why he's doing

in Miami he's getting after it yeah I always wanted to do one of those

you can go as low as 2,000 okay what a view oh my gosh those 2,000 gets you in Alaska

yeah yeah safety 2000 after it's safe and clean now we can talk about

current and if you can put those three things together so we're starting to have a great

It was a company once as a television show about it was called WeWork, I think it looked like this.

Huh?

I don't know.

Yeah.

What they're doing now?

Still got bits.

Still got bits.

Every room smells so good.

That is so important.

It smells so good.

Yoga.

That coffee shop was downstairs.

That's open and given the public and coming to it.

This is just for the residents.

All these products are all flow products done in the flow kitchen.

And there's a whole spread out here.

Everything is fresh.

everyone's held today, we'll go to the residence at the end of the day.

There are people working out in this gym all day long.

I've lived here since I started, but I've lived in this building for about four years.

He was here before we bought the building.

You can see the building before and after.

When I moved here, it was a great building when it's turned off way better now.

For the same price in Alaska, you can get a whole house.

There you go.

But it's probably fly in only or there's limited route access.

Limited road access.

Limited road access. How many square feet?

At least like 2,000 square feet.

Okay, okay.

Yeah, I mean, so, so, I think Adam will create a great apartment living experience.

Yeah.

The question is how different is it from every other kind of apartment complex in Miami?

How much do residents care about, you know, a cafe, differentiator, workout classes, a lot of a lot of apartments.

have gyms, they have, you know, spas, things like that. So I just think, uh, yeah,

ultimately I think Adam will be successful with this purely because he has high energy. He

cares a lot about customer experience. And then the question will like, uh, the question coming

out of rework is like, can he keep the cost in control? Because it's, uh, if you don't want to

make it, if you're, if you don't care about making money, it's really easy to deliver, you know,

the best like apartment living experience in a given area.

The question is like, can he deliver services and keep the margin?

Because I think ultimately this time around, the business will be valued.

Maybe there's some brand equity to the flow apartment platform, which is the brand that he's doing this around.

But ultimately, it will be valued based on earnings given enough time.

So I think it'll just be a balancing act.

But it looks nice.

Yeah.

Well, a Florida man, Florida man, sold his house.

in just five days after letting Chachibati

handle the entire process instead

of a real estate agent.

There's some community notes on this.

He didn't go to Chachapitie and say,

sell my home.

It's the same thing as the dog cancer story.

He used Chachapiti to conduct market research.

Everybody wants to move the goalpost.

And yeah.

But you can just sell your house.

That's good news.

I was listening to Ryan Sourhant

talk about the opposite scenario,

which he said he was working on, I think it was like a $50 million house sale.

And he spent, he was like, our agents had spent like months getting these two buyers very educated about the value.

They'd agreed to a price.

And then the seller went to Chachibati and said like, should I sell or is the price too low?

And Chachapiti said, you're absolutely right.

It is too low.

You should pull out.

And then the buyer went like, is this a good deal or is the price too high?

And Chachibu said, you're absolutely right.

The price is too high.

And so they both walked away.

And Ryan Sourgant was like, what that?

Like, now I got to get these people to come back.

This is like a funny thing.

Yeah, who knows?

I think they need to be in a shared chat window going back and forth,

arguing with the AI, the same AI in the same.

Yeah, yeah, you can do that.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, that would be the correct way because then they can fire back and forth.

No matter where your idea starts,

Figma may clog code codex or a sketch,

the Figma case.

This is where ideas connect and products take shape, build in the right direction with Figma.

Reorg and the co-pilot division of Microsoft.

So company scraps divide between consumer and business app teams.

AI chief Mustafa Suleiman will focus on AI models.

He's freed up, apparently.

So Microsoft is reorganizing the teams that work on the different versions of its flagship co-pilot AI product.

This is from the Wall Street Journal, altering a strategy that some employees say,

created a disjointed user experience and consumer confusion.

The software giant is unifying the teams that work on its Microsoft 365,

copilot productivity offerings and the consumer version of copilot,

according to a memo from Satya Nadella.

Jacob Andreu, who leads product and growth for Microsoft AI.

The man who is sat right here.

Yeah.

He brought back Clippy.

He's the man that brought back Clippy.

He will become the executive vice president of Copeland

president of copilot, of just copilot itself, that's the brand. And it's a great, it's a great

brand name. I'm a big fan of copi. Yeah, these are prosumer tools. Pro sumer tools. There's,

they kind of, they're going to be used in and out of people's work life. I think businesses

everywhere kind of realizing that individual employees are bringing their own AI tools to work just

because they help them do a better job. Yeah. This is what happened with Apple. I mean,

Apple was like a consumer company and then all of a sudden everyone was using Macs.

at work. And I think that's also a little bit of what's happening with the open AI story about

like refocusing on business enterprise API. It's like, no, like Tebow is also saying he's going

to put Codex in Chat ChaptuPT. So you're just going to be like, build me an app that does the thing

that I want. There's a lot of times when you go to Chat Chapti and you ask something to,

hey, go, go transcribe this YouTube video. And like within ShadGPT, it might not have that tool.

The Codex could absolutely one-shot it. And so bring that ability.

whether it's cloud-hosted or running on your computer,

bringing that over.

It makes a ton of sense,

and Microsoft should probably follow a similar strategy.

So, exciting news there.

Want to change the world, raise capital

at the New York Stock Exchange.

Just do it.

And we have our next guest,

Sean Sankar from Palantir.

He is the chief technology officer

in the Restream waiting room.


---


Let's bring him in the TV event.

Sean, good to see you.

Good to see you guys.

How are you, Jordy?

Welcome back.

It's been far too long.

been like almost a year. You are one of our earliest guests, a huge moment for the show. Thank you so

much for joining then. And thank you so much for joining today. How are you doing? Big day.

I'm doing great. I'm pumped to you back on St. Patrick's Day, but more importantly, on the book,

the book launch day on Unmobilized. Yeah, what's the Straussian read of the... You sent us a green

package. Should we open this? Can we open this? You got to open it. Oh, yeah.

You sent us a green package because you knew it was going to be on St. Patrick's Day.

Look at this thing.

this thing. So it opens.

This is a real piece of hardware.

It's an actual U.S. Army

ammo box. It held 20 millimeter

electrically primed munitions.

And now it holds mobilized.

There you go. It's got some swag.

You've outdone yourself. So cool.

I'm going to sit back.

You can move that.

I just might get in the way of the camera.

Anyway. So,

I mean, you've been working at Palantir for a long time.

Has it been almost two decades now?

It'll be 20 years this Friday.

Oh, this Friday.

Congratulations.

Amazing.

So when did you feel like, okay, now is the time to write the book?

What was the thesis?

What was the moment where you were like, okay, it makes sense to actually take all that experience

and distill it down into something that can be instantiated in an actual book?

Well, the book is the long form version of the 18 Thesis.

So I put the defense reformation out there.

in October of 2024.

And that was kind of the welling up

of all these feelings I had working,

more or less in the bowels

of the Department of War over 18 years,

watching deterrents slowly erode,

seeing that we had a problem.

You go back in time and you say,

we had the annexation of Crimea in 14.

We had the militarization of the Spratley Islands in 15.

Breakout capability for Iran to get the bomb in 17.

We've had a program in Israel,

the invasion of Ukraine,

conflict with the Houthis.

What's going on here?

Like, we're spending a trillion dollars a year,

where is our deterrence? And that's one piece of it. And you look at what's looming with China.

Then you look at the other side of this and you really look at history and you say, like, what

gave us deterrence in World War II and the Cold War? How did this stuff work? You recognize how

much the industrial base that won World War II and the Cold War is not the industrial base we have

today. The astonishing statistic is that only 6% of major weapons systems were built by defense

specialists in 89 when the Berlin Wall still stood. So 94,

percent of spending went to companies that were what I call dual purpose. Chrysler was the prime

on the Minuteman Intercontinental ballistic missile. So Chrysler made missiles and minivans. Ford made

satellites. General Mills, a serial company made torpedoes. We had an economy that was equally

invested in freedom and prosperity. But the corporate story is not enough. So that's a precondition.

You could kind of say, well, what were these companies like? You know, because we think about it

today as Northrop Grumman and Lockheed Martin, but it was Glenn Martin. It was Jack Northrop. It was

Leroy Grumman. It's something that your audience would understand

foundationally. It was founders. You know, our entire

industrial base was made up of founders. What's happened? You know, at the

end of the Cold War, we had this enormous financialization of defense.

These companies became run by the third, fourth generation,

buybacks, dividends, financial engineering over real engineering. And by the

way, that's not specific to defense. The same thing happened to Intel. The same

thing happened to a lot of great American companies. The rejuvenation of our

economy comes from the heretics. And then I started researching

a lot about the history of innovation and defense. It's like nothing worked because of the system.

Everything that worked worked despite the system. You look at Andrew Higgins, the Scots-Irishman

and Louisiana who built the boat that won the war. Ninety-two percent of all boats in World War II

were Higgins' boats. But the Navy didn't let him compete. Then when they finally let them

compete and he won, they stole his designs and failed to copy it successfully. In the end, after all

these things, they're like, fine, we'll buy the frickin boat. And the boys in Normandy landed on Higgins' boats.

You go story after stories.

Hyman Rickover, who built the nuclear Navy, his first office was a women's restroom.

And I think part of documenting these stories of the heresy, because, of course, the Navy

wanted to humiliate him into quitting.

And then think about the hoodspo, like Oppenheimer told him, this is not going to work.

You're not going to be able to build a nuclear-powered submarine.

And in the face of Opi telling you this, you're like, no, you're wrong.

I'm going to do it.

That's bold.

You know?

Yeah.

Bull.

Have you heard the story of Ball Corporation?

They make Mason jars?

Yeah.

You know there's Mason jars?

Also a defense contractor.

Yeah.

I think they eventually sold it to BA Systems in 2024.

But for a long time, the company that made the Mason jars that are in every, like,

hipster millennial burger joint in America was also making like satellites and sensors and all sorts of stuff.

And so there's just endless stories about that of reindustrialization.

I'm wondering, like, there's a huge boom in new startups that are saying,

we're going to build boats from scratch, we're going to build missile systems from scratch,

We're going to build satellites from scratch.

But is there some underrated industrial capacity in America where we haven't actually gone to Chrysler and said, what can you do these days?

I know Chrysler might be a bad example because it's an older company.

But is there still some latent industrial capacity where in the worst case scenario like America can actually adapt?

Well, that's the important part of the book is we're telling the story that it's not the facile version of the story where we flipped a switch in World War II.

and then, bam, the automotive industry

started making munitions.

It was actually a journey.

It took 18 months to retool and rebuild factories

to produce war material.

And so you really want to get moving early.

Now, we have a lot of this latent capacity.

You think about GM produces a new escalate

every 90 seconds.

You know, right about now, we need some SM6s,

and Tomahawks rolling off the line every 90 seconds too.

And so how do we take the kind of exquisite

artisanal approach to a low number of munitions

we built and start scaling that out.

And you're going to need a breadth of approaches.

You're going to need the new entrance building entirely new classes of things.

And you're going to need to make the exquisite things much more quickly.

What makes this stark is we have eight days of weapons on hand for a major fight with China.

Nobody thinks that's deterrence.

Nobody thinks that's enough.

We need 800 days.

How do we really fire up the arsenal of freedom here and get serious about building?

And we're going to have to build those things in new ways.

And a lot of that skill exists in Elsigundo.

It exists in the modern.

American manufacturing economy.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I'm always reminded of this, this like Palmer Lucky take about like the younger generation

throughout the 2000s got obsessed with building consumer software, ad platforms.

We love ads, but I take the point.

Is there something similar going on right now with AI?

Because AI can be important for the military, but also you see there's only a few

caterpillars or electricians and they're working on data centers.

If that doesn't become critical to the defense and deterrence of the nation, it actually just winds up being more just juice for the economy, which is probably good.

But at the same time, it might be sucking capital, sucking human talent out of true industrialization efforts.

Well, I think so.

Like, I think with AI, we have to remember that we have huge human agency.

AI doesn't do X or Y. Humans use AI to do X or Y.

Let's pick intelligently.

Let's pick things that are in the national interests that give the American people prosperity that actually propels civilization forward and aren't AI slop and, you know, AI slot machines.

Yeah.

And I think the promise in front of us is that AI is an opportunity to give the American worker superpowers.

How do you make the American worker 50 times more productive than any other worker anywhere in the world?

And that solves a math equation of like, how do we reindustrialize economically?

This is actually.

Yeah.

Yeah.

How do you rate the current reindustrial?

process. There's a lot of founders you mentioned in places like El Sigunda that are working as

hard as they possibly can't. But are we 10% of the way there for what you want to see? Are we 20% of

the way there? Are we 5%? Like where do we stand right now, given all the effort that has already

started, but we're still, you know, early in this process? Well, I'd say three years ago at the first

reindustrialized, there was an aspirational aspect to it. Now I think we're closer to 5%. Like this is

happening. We're in the early endings of it, but it's happening. And I think people are starting,

you know, one of the amazing things about the American spirit is people just roll up their sleeves

and get busy trying things. You know, and I'm working with people on the factory floor every

day who are using AI to change how they do production. One of our submarine parts manufacturers

actually added a third shift. They were able to use AI to automate the planning process,

which meant instead of having to have tools down while they did planning and quoting, they were actually

able to get that done in 10 minutes. They needed to hire a third shift because there was more work

to do. And these are the sort of narrative violations that aren't being reported. And I think the

underlying phenomenon is that we are listening. So these revolutions are always tools-driven

revolutions, not concept revolutions. And the impact of the revolution is determined by the people

who wield the technology, not the people who invented it. Galileo did not invent the telescope.

He used the telescope to discover the planets in planetary motion, the microscope, the power loom,

the personal computer. Thing after thing, it's the wielder of the technology.

that determined its impact on society.

Today, we are way over index on listening to the inventors of AI.

They're very smart, but just like their creations, they have their own jagged intelligence.

And the future of AI is going to be written by the American worker.

Yeah.

Yeah.

How do you think AI interfaces with the reindustrialization effort?

There's also like, yes, use AI in the factory.

But I imagine that retraining is a really underrated opportunity.

I've already heard just years ago, I was talking to Chris Power about from

Hadrian about how he was able to hire someone and just get them forklift certified and teach them how to use this things.

And reskilling has always been happening, but it feels like we're going through an acceleratory phase of reskilling.

But what are you seeing on the reskilling side related to AI?

Well, enormous things.

So, I mean, I think Chris has really led the way with Hadrian here.

He's going to have a huge factory opening on Friday.

Hopefully you guys get a chance to cover that factory four.

The, it's a Panasonic energy.

I work with them.

So they're located in Sparps, Nevada, inside the gig.

They make every cell for the gigafactory for Tesla.

Interesting.

The population, your employee base, there are prior casino workers.

And this is high-end, exquisite Japanese equipment.

It used to take three years of apprenticeship to learn how to be a battery technician for this

equipment.

With AI, it now takes three months.

Wow.

So that's a very concrete example of the reskilling.

More profoundly, I'd say, you know, one of the things we cover in the book is the story

of Colonel Cucor, the father of Maven.

And it's the newest heretic.

He's a contemporary.

He's alive today, and, you know, obviously.

And what I think is really compelling about that story is that this is actually the most consequential AI system in the world today.

But because it exists in the Department of War, it's not something that broadly the Valley interacts with or thinks about.

And I think one of the reasons it's so consequential is the stakes are existential.

People are not, they don't have lane goals like, how do I get 10% more efficient or, you know, reduce headcount by X or Y?

It's really like, how do I have complete dominance and overmatch?

And as a result of this, the people who are building it are not just formally trained computer scientists over here,

but it's become a platform that the vocational expert, the Intel Warren officer, the fires officer,

is able to really encode their knowledge, build agents that are their kind of team working with that to get things done.

And so the efficiency, the speed, the scale of what's going on.

Like, really, we're learning more from those users today than we are anywhere else.

Yeah.

How are you thinking about the role of the forward?

deployed engineer in the AI boom. It feels like there's the capability overhang, an incredible

amount of genius intelligence from the machines, and yet there's so many processes that are still

manual. I went to the doctor recently, and I had to fill out a paper form. And so in many ways,

there's still a capability overhang just from like HTML web forms. And it feels like as amazing

as the AI is getting and we're seeing so much progress there, there's still. There's still

something that needs to fall into place to actually get systems deployed?

I think that's right.

There's a huge, I mean, in air quotes, mockingly, I'll call it the last mile problem.

Yeah.

The first 80% of the problem was building the genius technology.

The second 80%, it turns out, is actually how do you implement it for economic value?

Yeah.

And that's where we're, that's kind of our jam, is what we do for a.

And I think it's never been more fun to be a forward deployed engineer than right now,

because the speed at which you can take new product ideas that you're learning,

systematize them, generalize them.

It's crazy.

And I know Ted's talked about this, but we have to reinvent forward-deployed engineering as we go right now.

Things that we used to think would take four weeks, take four hours.

And so the amount that you can get done, how you go to market with that, it's like, let's just sit in a room with the customer.

There's no sales meeting.

It's sit in the room.

Let's go build agents that are automating actual workflows today.

By tomorrow, you decide.

How do you think about advice for young people?

I imagine that you'd say, you know, come work with you, but also it seems like there's some,

potential alpha in being a young person that goes to a Chrysler and says, I'm going to be the

AI czar, I'm going to be the forward deployed engineer, fully foiled deployed, because I'm just

going to work at this company. Where are the opportunities for young people during this like tumultuous

AI revolution? So I'll give you two answers to that. The first is what would I tell my children?

Like what should they learn right now? Yeah. And really what I would want to cultivate in them is

agency, extreme agency. Like I think all the other skills you've able to figure out as you go,

but, you know, do you really believe that your human effort can make a dent on the planet?

And how you experience that and live that?

Then, where would you spend time?

I think Pounder is an amazing platform to have impact on the world, the things that you do in the commercial sector, impact the government, and vice versa.

And, you know, you have access to the problems.

You're in it.

But second to that, it's like when you're thinking about being inside of a company, I think AI is going to be the antidote to the managerial revolution of the 20th century.

All this power that was sucked away from the frontline worker who actually knew what they were doing to,

an amorphous blob of middle managers.

And even actually, they suck power away

from the senior leadership.

That's being reversed because all the bureaucracy

is getting cut.

The agency that someone has.

I was thinking about this because in the military,

I'm seeing incredible AI application developers

who are not formally trained computer scientists.

And I was like, what happened?

I've been doing this for 20 years.

This feels like a discontinuity.

Where do these people come from?

And I realized, like, oh, they've always been there.

The thing is, like, what would this guy have done

10 years ago?

Make a PowerPoint, try to convince

some program manager that his ideas were good,

only to be told they weren't, knowing full,

he's too smart for that.

He's not going to waste his time.

Now he just goes away in a corner for two weeks and builds it.

And he's arguing about something that's empirical.

And the commander's like, shit, this works.

Let's go.

I think that's like the most underappreciated part of this moment.

I mean, we've been covering,

we covered a story yesterday of a guy in Australia

who's gone on like a year journey to try to cure his dog's cancer.

And he had experience building an AI and ML,

but didn't have any experience in, you know, biology or pharma or any of these things.

And he, and just by leveraging the models, he was able to kind of figure out the right path to go down,

figure out, like, even he took a recommendation from Jihad ChbT of, like, which professor to go to in their

sort of local university system to get help with the problem that he was working on.

And he ultimately has been able to show, like, real results on this sort of experimental vaccine.

and you apply that to that type of, that sort of nationwide realization that like you don't need to be an expert,

you don't need to have gone to school for a certain thing, you don't need to be a software engineer to build software,

or you don't need to be an electrician to start figuring out how this stuff works.

And I think that that unlock across the entire world where just like bringing down the kind of like knowledge boundary around so many different tasks is going to dramatic.

transform huge parts of the economy.

I couldn't agree more.

I mean, and talk about an example of agency.

Like, he couldn't have started that unless he thought, I could do this.

It's going to work.

Yeah.

And like you said, it wasn't like he just one-shot at anything.

And that's the point.

That's what people need to realize.

It's like if you just want AI to one-shot everything, that's like saying, like, I want

results in life and I don't want to have to work.

And it's like anybody throughout all human history, if you want results and you're not

willing to put in the work, you're going to have a bad time. But like now there's never been a

better moment in history to want to build something, to do something, and have a better shot at

actually achieving that or learning how to do that than right now. And so again, it's all,

it all comes down to agency. I guess the question is like, can you teach agency or is it,

is it innate, you know, I find like if I'm talking with somebody about their career,

Sometimes it's like you know in your head like all the different moves that you should make in order to achieve the outcome.

And yet some people just think, okay, I'm just going to go back to like submitting resumes that never get answered because that's like the straightforward path.

So anyways, we're going to find out if you wanted to go back in, remember?

You know, you wanted to eat his bake steak.

Yeah.

And I think you look, obviously there's a part of it that's innate, but there's a part of it that you can cultivate.

Yeah, I agree.

Yeah, I was talking about my wife about my five-year-old last night

and was talking about AI and sort of like what he might do for a job

and how it is nervous.

It's nerve-wracking.

It's like, okay, what, like, if I try to predict and set him up for success in some

particular career, like, how is that tractable at all?

And then I was reflecting my own career and I was like, well, for like 10 years,

I sold things online.

And when I was born, e-commerce literally didn't exist.

because I was born before Amazon.com and before webvan.

So it was not fathomable to click a button on the internet.

You would have been a door-to-door protein sales.

Exactly.

And now I have a live stream, which was not a thing before the internet.

And so, like, every career opportunity I've had has been adjacent to other things.

People sold things before, but or, and they talked on, you know, TV before.

But the actual shape of the career has been wildly different.

And so I felt very relaxed at the end of this conversation, but it is nerve-wrecked.

if you really do want to just think, okay, yes, like,

doctor, lawyer, merchant chief forever, and it will never change.

But even the lawyer's role has changed a ton with the electronic revolution,

the information revolution.

But, yeah, it's just a fascinating time.

Where should we go next, Rory?

Any other stories that stand out?

And you can give kind of like a trailer so that, you know,

we want people to go and buy the book.

So just give us, give us, you know, give us another trailer.

Yeah, well, we can talk about Colonel Kukor a little bit more.

You think about it. So you have this Marine Colonel who's just the, I call them Heroes and Heretics.

Yeah. You know, because it is somehow their rebellion that gets all this thing started.

So he had this seminal experience where he was on a helicopter waiting to land on Mount Sinjar to evacuate the Yazadi who were fleeing ISIS.

And there was a young Marine who thought he saw a rocket propelled grenade.

And because of this misidentification, this human error, they waved off.

the landing. It was obviously unsafe. And you have order of a thousand people who are raped,

tortured, and enslaved from this small little decision. And so this is the sort of thing that

he was like, there has to be a better way of doing this. And that kind of set him up on this crusade

to go figure out how to bring AI to the department. What I think is interesting we document is

how everyone tried to kill him in doing this. I mean, up to the point, you know, the services were

threatened by it, the bureaucracy was threatened by it. People filed IG investigation. People claimed

he was housing Iranians in his basement. Here you have this devout Mormon with four daughters

living in a 1,400 square foot home that has no basement. They actually sent investigators out to go do

this. But just through that, never giving up. And that's what you see consistently. When you see

Rickover, you know, you see in his memoirs that the humiliation of the women's bathroom, all these

slights. It's not that they didn't get to him. You know, he documents how much they did hurt,

but despite that he would push through and get all these things done. And perhaps one of the

greatest heretics, Billy Mitchell, who's the father of the Air Force, he didn't even live to

see the creation of the Air Force. But his little rogue act of rebellion was the Navy was trying to

sink a ship at this, they call it a sink-ex, an exercise to do it. And they were failing to

sink this stationary ship. And he's like, you know what, I'm just going to drop a bomb from a

plane. And there was no permission. There was no rules. And, you know, you get this like feisty,

he sunk the ship. But before then, people thought air power was about sending messages back and

forth across the front line. Nobody thought about actually using these weapons of war. It's

totally crazy. And so I think hearing these stories,

What I really hope is both the heretics inside and outside the building are inspired because your country needs your heresy right now.

And every one of these wars, it really comes down to the Churchill and the tank.

You know, as the head of the Royal Navy, Winston Churchill funded and built a land ship.

You can only build ships, of course.

That's the tank because the British Army was like, we got horses.

We're good, dude.

No, thanks.

You know, and so you start discovering these stories and you get emboldened to say, like, I got to pursue what I think is right here.

And you go back to World War II, we built 154 different airframes, different types of aircraft.

I think 10 really mattered.

But just, you know, in the sense of like the American free market system, like obviously you can't know.

You need a market for competition.

And that's part of what makes defense really hard.

It's a monopsony.

There's a single buyer.

People have a pension for control.

I like to quip that, you know, everyone's given up on communism, including Russia and China,

except for Cuba and the DoD.

You know, we have this deeply centralized planning approach that we think.

thought will provide for what we needed to win wars. And it's just not the case.

That's a good hot take. Do you think that the next batch of defense tech companies should go

public earlier? Like, what advice do you have for the current crop of private defense tech

companies? It seems like there is appetite in the capital markets. Palantir's obviously done very well

in the capital markets. At the same time, the private market seemed to be able to find any amount of

money in the couch cushions, especially if there's AI attached to the narrative.

But how are you talking to leaders of private defense tech companies right now about the

markets broadly?

My advice to them is all the same.

I think one of the hardest things about doing the defense tech thing is you need to hold

two contradictory ideas in your head.

One is like you need to run towards the pain.

Like, you know, you need to run towards proving real results operationally.

But that's not your buyer.

And so, you know, you could say there ought to be a mark to market moment right now.

Who's in the fight today in Iran?

Sure.

Where have these companies started bending the curve?

What are the opportunities to prove this capability?

You know, I'm hearing about incredible things Shields doing in Ukraine right now.

That's really important.

You're not going to get paid for that.

But that's the validation you need.

And then you have to figure out how to get programs of record, all this sort of thing.

But if you just focus on the programs of record, if you just focus on treating the defense department as a buyer, you'll lose the magic.

You'll lose your own heresy that leads to the innovation.

Yeah, there was a little bit of that in the space economy where we saw there was pretty quickly a bifurcation between space companies that were doing a lot of interesting work and signing deals.

And then other space companies that were like, they got on the rocket and they went to space.

And I feel like that was like an important binary.

I don't know how the binary is sort of coming down now as more companies get to space.

But it felt like, you know, actual deployment where the rubber meets the three.

road. It's always important in startups, but it feels especially important in this scenario.

What about stories from history around copying what works? Does anything stand out? And the reason

I ask is because one, it was somewhat surprising seeing that we have American-made versions of the

Shahid drone. And I feel like America has always prided itself on being inventors, you know,

these sort of like zero to one, zero to one projects, right?

You said 100-something, you know, airplanes created or airframes created during World War II.

And yet here it felt like the smart decision was like, hey, this is like a battle-tested form factor.

Like, we can just make the thing that is delivering results on the battlefield.

But are there any other kind of stories that stood out around America kind of swallowing its pride and saying, like, hey, this thing has worked.

Let's fast follow.

That's the best one that also speaks to the importance of founders and people, the primacy of people, is Operation Paperclip.

You know, as the Nazis were losing, we started, we actually had two competing programs.

We had Fiat and Paperclad.

Fiat's theory of the case was, we don't need these people, these dirty Nazis.

We're going to go steal all the technical papers, and we're just going to be able to figure it out just by having all the papers.

That was an abominable failure.

It did not work at all.

Instead, what worked was you go get the founders.

You get Vernarvon Braun.

You get the people who actually know, because there's something more three-dimensional to the knowledge than what's on the just the 2D paper.

And I think that's a huge swallowing of pride.

We had to really hold her nose to these Nazis and recognize that actually it delivered ICBMs.

It delivered the space program.

It delivered a fundamental offset against the Soviets.

But we did that other times as well.

I think probably the most famous one is there was a North Korean defector.

I don't have the dates exactly right.

he flew out of North Korea on his mig.

The miggs were killing the Korean War.

He flew out on his mig.

You know, they tried to shoot him down.

He escaped.

Fortunately, we didn't shoot him down.

We figured out he was defecting.

So we reverse engineered the mig and built our own.

I'm forgetting, was it the F-86 or the,

something like that.

And that actually helped us restore air dominance once again.

So, you know, it is the primacy of winning.

Whatever it takes to win.

You know, you don't want to be.

like, hey, I didn't steal anything from the adversary, but I died nobly.

No.

Yeah, that doesn't make any sense.

Yeah.

Well, thank you so much for taking the time.

Congratulations on launching the book.

Yeah, I can't wait.

I can't wait to get into it.

Yeah.

We're going to have to.

We'll share our copy.

We'll fight over it.

But, uh, we maybe got to.

But thank you so much.

Yeah.

Congratulations on the launch.

And we'll talk to you soon.

Great to catch up.

Goodbye.

Cheers.

Cheers.

Code review for the age of AI.

Graphite helps teams on GitHub ship higher quality software, faster.

One live stream, 30 plus destinations.

If you want to multistream, go to Restream.com.

The timeline is in turmoil.

Doug O'Loughlin at Fabricated Knowledge is going back and forth

with Bucco Capital Bloke over Google.

So Fabricated Knowledge says,

people keep thinking that their distribution,

think Microsoft or CRM is bigger than the technology AI.

But the fact that people are buying Macs

to mess around with Claude Code and,

other coding agents, they're also good machines.

It tells me that this technology is much bigger than any distribution this time.

Like, whatever distribution is there, if you're willing to go to the Apple store,

buy a MacBook Pro or a Mac Mini, wire it up, install open claw on it,

verify everything.

Like, you're willing to jump over the default of the distribution.

Yeah, I think another question here is how many small businesses in America don't pay for any AI products directly,

and yet their employees are bringing the product to work.

Yeah.

And it's just not appearing on the actual.

But Buku Capital bloke fires back.

He says, these people are dweeps.

It's like 0.0.000 of the market that's buying Mac minors in his opinion.

Distribution does matter.

It will always matter.

It doesn't mean the incumbents will win, but it certainly gives them an advantage.

Just look at the sentiment shift on Google in one year.

That's a good point.

Doug Fires back.

He says, I am going to just put the distribution friction is the only thing that matters if we are going to be software brain.

I do not, I do understand and appreciate it, but I do think this is a big thing and making it all about distribution is such a technology loser way to look at it.

Lots of great tech companies with awesome distribution lost.

Like IBM had CTO relationships with every company.

LMAO.

Bucco says, yep, I am not pounding the table for sales.

force, but they're not dead yet, the long game. Also, IBM beat QQQ over the last five years by a

lot. I didn't know idea. Let's give it up for international business machines. And they keep going

back and forth. But let's give it up for IBM and let's give it up for our guest from Cyber


---


Starts. What do I pronounce this? Let's bring him in to the TBP and Ultradome. What's going on?

Great to be you. Help me pronounce your name. I don't want to get it wrong.

Gilly.

Hey, John.

Hey, Georgie.

Thank you so much for taking the time to join us.

How are you doing?

I'm doing great.

I'm speaking with you from Miami.

We just finished the first day of our annual conference, CyberSparks.

Yeah.

We had a lot of fun, lots of terrific guests and speakers.

We just had Nikesh Aurora from Palo Alto Networks.

I love the cash.

Joe Kurt, CEO of CrowdStrike.

We love George.

Thank you.

My friend from Sequoia Capital.

It's a royal flush.

The founders of Weiz, a small company that you might heard of,

completed a tiny acquisition last week.

Yeah.

Congratulations to you on that one.

Yeah.

Great, great outcome.

Yeah, what are people talking about?

What is top of mind for everybody at the event?

Well, the whole idea of CyberSparks is to bring together the top 300 leaders in cybersecurity.

So you've got here about 100 executives, you know, CEOs and founders of the top cybersecurity companies in the world.

And the top practitioners, you know, chief information security officers of Fortune 500 companies.

and the whole idea is to work together and talk about what's next and how we can work together

in order to deal with what's upcoming and there's lots of risk and, you know, on expanding the threat vector.

You probably talk a lot about artificial intelligence and the new capabilities that it brings in your show.

But with every technology wave, you know, think about Internet, think about Internet, think about.

about cloud, there are new risks introduced.

So we kind of spend a couple of days together

to talk about the future of cybersecurity.

Is there, do you think there's more fear

or excitement around the technology shift?

Because there's obviously this new kind of new threat vector,

but at the same time, that creates opportunity

for the industry for product expansion.

And so it's go time from a business standpoint

to kind of meet the threat,

but also I'm sure some people in the room

are a little bit scared of what's coming.

I think there's mostly uncertainty

about where this thing is going.

You know, what we've seen in the past 12 months

is accelerating, and there are so many things

that we simply don't know.

You know, I wish I could stand here

and give you all the answers,

but in the room we had a lot of conversation

around the uncertainty on one hand

and the pressing need to make some decisions

about safeguards to make sure that, you know,

the Arnold Schwarzenegger Terminator movie,

you know, doesn't become a mild,

a mild story relative to the reality in 10 years.

And I think that what we're going through right now,

we call it or I call it,

technological doubling, you know, if you think about technology used by us as a race, as human, you know, and you think about, you know, what we have today is the 100%, the 100%, and let's say the zero is the invention of writing like 4,000 years ago when we lived in caves and started to write in order to accumulate knowledge so we can build tools, then the 50% is,

probably at the point in time of the invention of the steam engine,

which allow us to build machines that would perform tasks too difficult for men.

So the last doubling took 170 years.

The next doubling would take place in the next 25 years.

That means that all of us, all the three of us and everybody who listened to or watch the show,

are the first people that would witness technology doubling

within their lifespan.

That never happened.

That's the acceleration.

No living person have seen doubling of technology.

And you know what?

When you just follow the curve,

you know, the curve I just described to you,

that means that in, you know, 25 years will be at 200%,

but in 100 years will be at 2,000%.

This is just math.

It's not a prediction.

This is just following the math, meaning that people that would live 100 years from now

would look at our technology in a very same perspective.

We look at the technology used by our ancestors living in a cave, drawing something on the wall.

That's exactly the same.

So we are going through a radical change in technology that we have never experienced,

and that would require dramatically different type of thinking about, you know,

safeguarding the new capabilities.

So, because this is enormous opportunity ahead of us, you know.

AI would change everything about health care.

It would change everything about education.

So there's an enormous opportunity conditioning under the condition that we can control it

and that we are not losing control.

So that was the core of the conversation.

Yeah.

Very cool.

What is the shape of the cybersecurity threat landscape right now?

It feels like there's entirely new capabilities

when I think about a fishing attack with a deep faked voice on the phone.

That's like, I guess you could get an impersonator,

but it's sort of a new threat area.

But then there's also just like hammering a coding model to spam,

a whole bunch of like SQL queries or SQL injections, like all the old stuff, but just multiplied.

Like where, where are you seeing the biggest new threats emerge or what are people discussing

on that front?

It's all over the map just because of what you said, because it becomes very asymmetric,

even more asymmetric than we used to see because the guys on the offence, you know, threat actors,

they have a huge advantage because they can simply take.

cloth and just apply it for new attacks,

while the pace of adoption of AI tools and machines

within, for defenders, within large organizations,

within the enterprise, is significantly slower.

So that puts AI in the hands of the bad guys much faster

than it puts it in the hands of the good guys.

And if that's, if that would,

be the case for long, then the bad guys would win. And the bad guys today are really bad. You know,

you look at state sponsors attack and, you know, everything that's going on in the world. And that's,

that's a real risk. Is there a bit of like a white pill here in the sense that because there's a

lag between open source capabilities and proprietary systems. And then you also have the big

frontier labs, deep mind, open AI, anthropic. Like, they're definitely

running agents over their user bases and their APIs to know, hey, this person just spent

$5 million on our API and it's all cyber attack related prompts.

Like, let's maybe turn them off or figure out what's going on over there.

They have a huge incentive to sort of control their customer base so that their customer base

is not using these tools maliciously.

the hackers sort of wind up on the lagging edge, not on the frontier, but all of the

cybersecurity companies like Palo Alto networks, like CrowdStrike, like the folks that you've

had at your conference, they maintain access to the frontier.

And so they're always fighting with a bigger weapon.

Is that sort of the equilibrium we should expect here?

That's a great question.

And by the way, we did have today the two top cybersecurity agents.

experts at Anthropic, you know, the head of security and the head of product security, you know, sharing the roadmap and thoughts about the upcoming capabilities of Anthropic and other, you know, platforms.

I think the answer to that is our continuous investment in innovation in the space.

we, you know, it's not just about Weez that I mentioned, or Sierra, you know, those are large, you know, established

startups.

Yeah.

But we did, we did have one company going out of stealth last week, Onyx security.

All they do is agent security.

We had today a major launch out of stealth for another company, Surf AI, which takes care of, you know,

or leverages AI to complete tasks much faster for organization.

So there's definitely, there'll be a battle between machines,

machines that are used by threat actors and machines that are used by the good guys.

And we obviously, our job in this world is to identify the best teams, the best talent,

and help them build and utilize AI.

so we live in a safer, better world, and that's the plan.

What's the general sentiment from guests around the actual competitive threat of the labs,

releasing various agents and security-focused products?

Obviously, they feel threatened when they announce new products

because they tend to send the stock price down or they have over the last month,

But is there a real sense that this is a threat, the labs could threaten their business models,

or is it more just kind of frustration with how the market perceives the threat?

We always overestimate the impact of disruption in the short term,

and we always underestimate it on the long term.

So I think that what we would see here is that in the next two years,

the frontier guys, you know, they have different focus and different priorities.

So their impact on cybersecurity companies would relatively be low.

But in five, seven years, I think that they have a chance to take over.

And I think that we would see three cohorts, three groups of competitors.

you'd see the traditional cybersecurity platforms, you know, the Palo Alto, the Weiz, the crowd strike

of the world, you'd see the cloud providers, you know, Google, Amazon, Microsoft, and there'll

be a third group, which is the AI platforms. And, you know, we shall see who would hold keys

for cybersecurity. And, you know, that's, you know, if you ask me the same question,

12 months ago, I would not even mention the third group.

So it's really hard when technology moves a deep space.

It's really hard to make predictions.

And I'm not afraid of making a fool of myself.

I do that almost every day.

But making predictions right now is guaranteed to make full of yourself.

I was just going to ask you for another prediction,

but I guess I'll table it for next time.

Thank you so much for taking me.

I can share with you the predictions I made today in closed room.

Please.

But maybe I'll start with the predictions I made 12 months ago.

12 months ago, I told the room that my prediction, and keep in mind it was really free,

the big wave of AI, I told them that I expect to see a million-dollar ARR company,

a million dollars in revenues company

with a single employee within two years.

And I told them that I expect to see

a hundred million dollar revenue company

with less than 100 employees within two years.

I was wrong twice because those two things materialized

in less than 12 months.

You know, we've seen Base 44 with one founder

who reached three and a half million dollars ARR

before acquired by weeks, and we have seen cursor reaching $100 million of ARR with less than 20 employees.

So things are accelerating, and therefore the predictions I made today were that I anticipate

that we would see Fortune 100 company with a cybersecurity group of less than 10 employees.

Keep in mind that today those companies employ thousands of employees.

So I believe that we would see AI making huge impact on cybersecurity

and would turn cybersecurity from a profession into function.

That would be a major shift in the market.

Makes sense.

Well, thank you so much for taking the time to come chat with us.

Looking forward to see how these predictions play out.

We will make predictions all day long.

Risking, risking it all to make it.

We're in the random prediction off-the-cuff business,

and I completely agree with you.

It's extremely hard to make predictions

that hold for any amount of time right now.

But it's an exciting time.

I love it.

It's entertaining.

Thank you so much.

Really enjoyed it.

Yeah, we'll talk to you soon.

We'll talk to you soon.

Have a good one.

Cheers.

Goodbye.

built intelligent, real-time conversational agents,

reimagined human technology interaction with 11 labs.

the unified platform for payroll benefits and HR

built to evolve with modern small and medium-sized businesses.

All right. Someone in the chat shared this earlier,

but it is important to the Manus deal in the New York Times.

China ramps up scrutiny of a meta-AI deal.

The country appears to be cracking down on people linked to the acquisition of Manus,

Singapore company with Chinese roots,

as President Trump prepares to visit Beijing.

Chinese government is taking actions to penalize people

linked to META's $2 billion acquisition of Manus

in an apparent effort to discourage Chinese AI executives

from moving businesses offshore.

Sounds like they want to make an example of them.

Officials at China's National Development and Reform Commission,

a high-level ministry that oversees economic planning,

including AI, called in META and MANIS executives

were meeting late last week to express concerns about the deal,

which was announced in December, said the people who declined to be named publicly.

The scope of the Chinese government actions remain unclear, but appears to include an effort to restrict

Manus executives from departing China for Singapore. Beijing has issued exit bans in the past

for corporate executives who were under scrutiny. The transaction complied fully with applicable law,

said Andy Stone, a meta spokesman said in a statement,

the outstanding team at Manus is now deeply integrated into meta. He added,

we anticipate an appropriate resolution to the inquiry.

Manus did not respond, but they are owned by META and META did.

So anyways, not surprised to see China frustrated that one of their great AI teams just kind of bounced, poached by the Zuck.

But who hasn't been poached?

If you haven't had somebody poached from Zuck, if you haven't had Zuck come to town, not doing something good, yeah.

work harder. Exactly. Shemoth Malhappatiah chimed in the timeline. He said,

what if AI doesn't need to show an immediate ROI, but instead is the plausible

deniability companies used to riff 50% of the workforce, they already knew did nothing. And

expatnan says, the real question here is, why is an allegedly cutthroat hyper-capitalist

economy with every large white-collar firm maintained by a workforce 3x the size, it actually

actually needs to run its operations,

why would they stop now and not before?

And that is a good question,

like private equity has been trying to find the right size

for every company for a long time.

I think there's like natural bloat that happens.

We were talking about the question of like,

you are an AI company if your revenues are accelerating.

It would be very interesting to see

what companies ramp up hiring this year,

obviously like the startups and high growth companies are,

But of the older school economy, what management teams are guiding towards more human capital needs,

that should tell you a lot about where that management team sees the business and economy going in the AI era.

Great story here.

What happened?

Formula One chief Bernie Acklestone.

The 80-year-old billionaire was badly beaten up in a brutal mugging outside of his Knight Bridge office last month.

I believe this is a, this is certainly a historical piece, but undeterred, he allowed his bruised face,

complete with an impressive black eye to be used in an ad for an exclusive Hubello brand of Swiss watches last week with the slogan,

see what people will do for a Hubello.

That's great.

That is the most gnarly.

Bernie Eccleston got mugged in his reaction was, how can I turn this unfortunate event into money?

That's remarkable.

Yeah, there's a, there's a very, there's a very,

There's a number of crazy Bernie Ecclestone stories.

The F1 acquired episode goes into a lot of Bernie Ecclestone's history and stories there.

It's a remarkable episode.

You should go take a listen to you.

If you want AI to be your customer support, go to fin.a.

Noah Smith is sharing some unfortunate news.

We certainly hit the gong when the GDP numbers came out in Q4 of 2025.

But the AI productivity boom story is gone, at least for now, according to NOAA.

Instead, it's all just AI CAPEX.

Data centers are the only thing keeping our economy afloat.

Of course, the other thing keeping our economy afloat is all the economic activity that is still there,

despite a lack of excessive growth.

Yeah.

But certainly data centers are making the overall picture a little bit rosier.

Makes sense.

Your business is AI, their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

Tyler, have you had a chance to fire up Manus again?

Take it for another spin?

I mean, I had to organize my desktop.

Okay.

Was it effective?

Yeah, I did a good job.

Because you look like a manned with an organized desktop now.

A suit like that

Can't afford not to have an order

What is a good benchmark these days?

We need a new benchmark

Like our comedy bench

Like our

What is it?

The shrimp fried rice

Rice bench

We need a benchmark for a desktop

Something with a very disorganized desktop

That would be difficult

I mean I feel like that's not a good benchmark

Because that's like not

You don't need to use that very often

But it's something like interacting with actual

applications like can you open premiere and edit a file that's a great computer use yeah yeah yeah when

i was we're very far away from that yeah when i was thinking about um i was thinking like i would like to be

able to pick a song and then have it go and find stock footage AI footage uh movie clips and cut

together a vibe reel to the beat uh like i see on instagram from just a prompt if i just have an

idea of oh i like this song i would imagine that this song with

this footage would go really well together.

That's like several hours of work.

I could make a lot more of those videos,

have a lot of fun with those.

Meta vibes is a little bit of that

because you pick a song

and then you can generate one mid-jorney image

and do some light animation on top,

but it's not truly finding iconic footage

from around the internet.

And that feels like something you could do

in OpenClaw, you could do with a co-work product or Manus.

Yeah, because, I mean, you can just use like

ffmpeg and you can cut videos down from the terminal.

They could write that to do it without even using computer use technically.

Well, the models could do that. Is that what you're saying?

Well, I'm saying like Claude Code could do that, right?

Yes. You can tell Cloud Code to edit a file.

Yes. And edit a video from this time.

And it should download FFMPEG, do it, but who knows how good it is yet?

Okay, that's our new benchmark.

Council of builds AI agents that automate 70% of ITHR and finance support,

giving employees instant resolution for access requests and password resents.

And without further ado, we have Anna Patterson from Ceramath AI here.

What's going on?

How are you doing, Anna?

Good to meet you.

Great to meet you.

Yeah, you too.

Thanks so much for joining.

Are you guys having a good St. Patrick's Day?

I see the green.

Yes, we're very greened up.

Yes.

We have these bright green suits from a.

show we did on Black Friday about Shopify. And I thought, certainly I will not be using that

until next Black Friday. But here I am. Happy St. Paddy's Day to you. Since it is the first time on

the show, please introduce yourself in the company. Hi, I'm Anna Patterson. I'm a founder of Ceramic

AI. I was a longtime Google engineer. I started in 2004, and I'm best known for building

large search engine. That's amazing.

So, yeah, give me the pitch for Ceramic AI.

So Ceramic brings the cost of search in line with the cost of inference.

As you know, inference costs have been going down and down, and actually, inference is faster

and faster.

But search is $5 to $15 per thousand searches.

But inference is maybe 50 cents per thousand searches.

So the kind of analogy I like to use is tacos and salsa, right?

Tacos is kind of the meal, and that's kind of what inferences.

It's the thing that's really delivering intelligence to your application.

But salsa kind of makes it better, right?

But search is now the dominant cost in tacos and salsa.

You're adding search, but it's five to $15 per thousand queries.

So it's really kind of time to bring salsa in line.

with tacos. So ceramic is five cents per thousand queries.

Amazing. Right. So you're saying this historically it was like you were getting a taco and it

cost you five dollars, but then they were like, well, if you want salsa, it's going to cost you

an extra like, you know, $500. Yeah. And you're like, well, I don't, not sure I really want the salsa.

It's a weird, weird. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. So help me define, help me understand what search means

because search can mean over the internet that's already sort of baked into LMs. It can mean web,

active web search like in a proprietary database or just the open web.

How are you thinking about the surface area of search?

Yes.

So we do have a 40 billion page web search.

And that is the open web.

And then we've built proprietary systems as well.

So one of the things that we're announcing is this idea of supervised generation that as the

model is generating, it's double-checking what it's saying with search. It's also double-checking

with search, what else should I say to make a comprehensive topic? And so that way you can really

enable new applications with 10x fewer hallucinations, but also make the whole product affordable and

fast. Okay, so who do you sell? Sounds super valuable. Who do you sell this to? Is this going to be

maybe similar to kind of like the data labeling market where there's like five customers that

like really matter and you want to get all of them or are there a bunch of other applications that

you want to actually sell to vertical specific you know AI applications that can uh vend you in

in like kind of in line with their LM products yeah I think there are um kind of two strategies there um you

mentioned one of getting all the big players, that definitely would be nice. But we also have a

self-serve, every agentic workflow. We have one startup. Their agentic workflows do 1,100

searches. So our search engine responds in 50 milliseconds. So it's both affordable and more real-time

than the other search engines. So we see a number of agentic workflows happening. But to your idea,

of a custom index or a custom application, we see that as well because, let's say,

your pharmaceutical company or some banks are very privacy-centric.

They don't want their searches going out, and they don't even want their searches to models

going out.

So they kind of host their own copy of a model.

And here they host their own copy of search as well, so that they get their own proprietary

environment for all their agentic flows inside their enterprise.

Makes sense.

Talk about just how the open web is changing in the age of AI.

I've seen some crazy stats about how much more of the internet Googlebot sees because everyone has been indexing and been very friendly to Google for a very long time.

Other publishers are getting more closed off.

How easy is it to actually search the internet broadly these days?

So the 40 billion pages that we have are available on the open web.

We do not disobey, or I should say, we obey robots.

So we don't actually crawl news sources that have blocked us, but we are in active talks

to make deals to them and to have a proprietary API that costs more, but also reflects back revenue.

to those proprietary sources.

Cool.

Are you, is there any value in having,

like I've always been interested in the flip side of Google search

versus Google alerts, where the search is happening internally

and then the information is actually getting pushed to you.

That product is like probably like 0.0001% as important to Google as search,

but it's always been interesting to me.

Is that interesting to you?

Is that relevant in the age of AI?

Does anything change about that?

ratio going forward?

One of the interesting things is that inference, a lot of times with these M-O-E models,

inference has a lot of spare compute because it's memory bound.

And so with that, it means that it could be thinking.

So as it's inferencing, it could be getting a stream of search results,

searching all the time and actually bringing you sort of.

life alerts, only the most interesting information or information that it doesn't think that you

already know by looking at your history. So I think it's going to enable a lot of new applications.

Amazing. Wildcard question. How long until we see ads in Gemini? There's been some reporting this

week. Obviously, Demis had come out and said, you know, why would we put ads in Gemma?

For the record, on this show, we are extremely pro-ads.

We love it.

Exactly.

Yeah.

And we both expect ads to be in Gemini.

I would say this year is my guess.

That's probably my guess as well.

Before the end of 26.

Yeah.

Let's go.

Cool.

That gives me a lot of hope.

We're going to be very excited.

And excitement.

Faith in humanity restored.

What's the story of the pink guitar on the wall there?

Yeah.

Well, if you want to do something really humbling, learn an instrument from your children.

Oh, okay.

They're absolutely brutal telling you to practice, everything you're doing wrong.

And so I kept borrowing my daughter's electric guitar after she taught me acoustic guitar,

and so she decided to get me my own because she saw her guitar like laying on my couch

And she said a guitar should be hanging on the wall.

And I said, I think I've been told to clean up my room by my child.

So my work here is done.

That's amazing.

Well, thank you so much for taking the time to come and chat with us.

Have a great rest of you guys.

Yeah, great to be.

Excited to follow Ceramic.

And we'll talk to you soon, Anna.

We'll talk to you soon.

Goodbye.

Profitable advertising made easy with axon.a.

Get access to over one billion daily active users and grow your business today.

And without further ado, we have our final guest of the Lightning Round.

Jake from Gecko Robotics.

Jake, how you doing?

What's going on?

Good great.

Thanks so much for taking the time.

I don't believe we've met, but I've heard about Gecko for a long time.

I think Trey introduced me to it when I was at Founders Fund.

But since this is the first time in the show, I'd love a little bit backstory.

Like, how'd you get into the industry?

How'd you start the company?

And then we can kind of get up to speed on what's happening today.

Yeah.

Well, Trey's awesome.

And I'm so glad he originally,

spoke so highly of us, I'm sure.

So I found out of the company about 13 years ago

out of a college dorm in western Pennsylvania

about an hour north of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

And I was studying electrical engineering,

really wanted to figure out how things like energy was created.

And so I went to a power plant

in Franklin City, Pennsylvania.

For those history nerds out there,

that was where the first commercial oil rig was drilled

and got to see a power plant how it was made.

And I dove in headfirst through this little manhole

that I could barely fit through

and got to see what a boiler was.

And so that was like a football field-sized room that was completely covered wall-to-wall with these steel tubes.

And this whole job of this boiler was just to get really, really hot.

And so, you know, shot water through it, got really hot.

Anyway, this boiler kept on having failures.

30 between the year, it was shut down because of catastrophic failure that was occurring because of pressure vessels would keep exploding.

And the only way to stop it from exploding was a guy on a rope 100 feet up in the air, you know, trying to figure out where the next explosion was going to happen.

And that just wasn't working.

And that guy actually died that year before doing the job.

of gathering data sets by hand in the real world.

And so I was like, my gosh, like, where is the tech innovation like for these guys that

are making sure that our homes say heated and, you know, just began to look more and more

at just like how we understand the health of the built world?

And also what kind of technology exists for these sorts of heroes that are, you know,

that are hidden behind the scenes, if you will, whether they're a poor engineer or they're a boiler

engineer and folks that are just like helping us, helping us do all this stuff.

And Silicon Valley, for the most part, forgot about them.

And I decided to build a company I was specifically dedicated to helping these guys out.

Yeah.

So I'm imagining a big vertical tank, sort of like what you might see at a brewery, but instead of filled with beer, it's water that's boiling.

Why not just fly a drone up and use video camera and, you know, just be close?

Why did you choose the, what decisions did you make technically?

Yeah.

And why did you make those decisions?

basically if you're diagnosing the health of build structures whether it's a boiler or a pipeline of bridge

whatever it is outside of a ship you got to actually get close to it just like you would for a sonogram so you use jelly and then you use ultrasound to see inside of a belly for the pregnancy example yeah same kind of idea

use ultrasonics is one way of gathering information data sets in this case you know what you're seeing is some of the

electromagnetics that we develop into sensors and the robots are just the vehicles by which we get sensors around places that are typically hard to reach

Got it.

And then also localizing and seeing where, you know, to track that year to year to year to

understand how do you predict into the future.

I mean, this idea of creating the minority report, you know, for the built world was kind of

this idea of predicting, you know, what death or catastrophe was going to happen for, like, built

structures before it did.

And the precox in this case of these robots, you know, but all the data is being collected

and then like fed into the central source of truth, which is a candle lever.

And then we sell candleliver, you know, as our way of predicting and preventing catastrophic

failures for, you know, the built world.

Yeah.

So what's the shape of the business?

It feels incredibly dual use.

I mean, we just saw a video of the robot crawling along

what looked like an aircraft carrier or battleship.

But I imagine that the oil and gas industry,

the industrials industry, like there's huge demand for this.

What's the mix of the business?

And what are the best practices for working with

both the government and private businesses?

Yes, we started in the energy sector in those power plants.

I actually booted out for three years.

And then was down $100 to the name.

And I know it was bad.

I was like homeless friend sleeping on the floors.

Yeah.

Really roughen it.

And, you know, I was out in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Like, there's no VCs out here.

Yeah.

And so then before, I got an acquisition offer and then, you know, and then the folks

over at YC in 2016 were just like, you're going to build a huge $1,000 company.

And like, this is, you're having incredible success.

Come out and do that.

That's awesome.

And so I was like, I'm already poor.

I want to, this is an amazing vision.

I already know what the worst feels like, you know what I mean?

So it's like, what could be worse than this?

And so, you know, just decided to do that.

Got went up to California.

And, yeah, we're in this YC batch.

It's like really, you know, just like black sheep with a batch, you know,

working in energy and robotics space in Pittsburgh first time founder.

So you know what I mean?

It was just like it was kind of wild and crazy.

Then we came out like one of the top companies.

But, you know, we started in the energy sector because that was what we knew.

What was the actual first company?

Because like energy sector could be, you know,

power.

Oh, meeting with the CEO of Axon or it could be like the local.

guy who just, you know, wants to buy these as like a prosumer tool almost or something.

Like, what was that actual deal like?

It was this group of power producers called IPPs, so independent power producers.

So these guys were just like, they actually don't have these like massive contracts that utilities have that they can just like rest and just like pass all their losses down to me and you to pay more bills if our like if things just like blow up and don't work.

And so these these folks like actually have to be making sure that they make stuff.

And so in PA there's a lot of them actually in the tri-state area.

And so we actually get a lot of access.

So the first three years, I was bootchrap,

and I was every single day at a power plant for the most part,

like trying to build the robot, like actually in the environment.

And that was a really core thesis and core principle for the company.

And we kind of still hold that today of build technology in the real world, not in the labs.

Actually, one of the most prominent investors in Silicon Valley said,

don't leave, fill this in a lab, make it autonomous, and then launch.

I was like, that's fucking stupid.

That's so bad, dumb idea.

And today's like, you know, top three investor in the world,

you know, thing, like the company's worth, you know,

You know, like 10 plus billion.

I was like, me and my co-fathers.

Just one-shot it.

Don't, don't iterate.

Don't, don't, don't, don't,

go to talk to your customers.

Trial and air.

Just one-shot it in the lab.

So, so anyway, so power, man,

it was like we, I moved back to Pittsburgh because it was close to these customers.

And so that was, like, the core ethos of the company was build tech, you know,

for the people in the environment.

And so that's, that led us to oil and gas.

Next, we could apply the same kind of technology,

to diagnose the health of structures that make the oil and gas assets go.

And then it was my,

and metal manufacturing.

And then I began to get into things like building and manufacturing for building ships or submarines,

injecting the same kind of tech and robotics and software, you know, there because we have the

most data about the health and the material science of the world.

And so applying it, you know, for actually building and welding.

And then the Navy side, you know, what we're doing there is helping to achieve readiness.

80% readiness is the Secretary of Phelan's objective.

And, you know, right now it's about, you know, two or every five ships are stuck in dry dock somewhere.

And that's a global issue.

And so our technology allows for us to be able to make up that difference by getting so much information, you know, in some cases,

two to, you know, two, three, four months faster to be able to get these ships out of dry dock in time and then begin to plan it for the future.

It's just like idea of if you always had a living, breathing, understanding of the health of these sorts of assets, my goodness, like, maybe you'd never have to shut down.

That's the thing that I'm trying to build.

And you can see now, like some really large energy companies, like the ones that we work with,

are beginning to adopt this like, you know, the data doesn't exist.

In order for the data to be able to drive AI models to actually be impactful,

we actually have to go out and gather information in datasets.

And oh, by the way, maybe one day, maybe not into the distant future,

you can actually begin to augment these, you know, these very commoditized sectors

and industries that are very capital-intensive with robotics-native,

AI-native approaches and operating systems that make commoditized industries less and less

commoditized. And so that's the kind of vision that we're trying to build, you know,

being the company that's, you know, that's very pragmatic and its results and, you know,

aren't just promising in five or ten years all this impact, but, like, actually delivering

the thing today, you know. Where are you, are you, I'm assuming the same kind of VC that

told you to just one-shot the product in the lab, make it autonomous, and then go to market,

would also ask you, are you doing anything in data centers? Can you? Can you get any,

are there any tailwinds there? I can imagine one of your robots just crawling around a data center.

But what are you seeing on that front? Yeah, well, it's a good question. You know,

what ended up happening was we ended up really putting a lot of effort and energy into customers

where when things weren't working, it was extremely painful and expensive. You know,

so think of oil and gas when you're down for a day. It could be 30 million bucks you're losing,

or if your ship isn't patrolling, you know, the certain places in the Pacific or Atlantic,

you know, that's really expensive and harmful too.

So that's where we focus.

But what's happening now is, like, all the attention on AI infrastructure is actually

put a large attention on how efficient can you run your power plants, in this case,

a lot of natural gas.

And then also how reliable are those assets?

And also the assets that were depreciated, not invested in for 10, 20, 30 years because banks

wouldn't fund continuation of, you know, putting capital into coal facilities or even natural

gas facilities because of these carbon, these carbon, uh, uh, strangleholds on these companies.

It end up creating this really interesting opportunity for companies that are really good

to understand the health and the value of assets and can convert them into something,

you know, really, uh, much more valuable, uh, something that we're taking a very close look at.

So anyway, power and the ability to make a power plant run more efficiently and also more

reliably, uh, is core competency of Gecko for a long time. And so we're putting, you know,

a lot of efforts into that. You'll have a big launch, you know, in the, you know,

in the middle of, for the 250th anniversary

and coming out in July 4th on the power production side.

So it's, you know, we've got something that's, you know,

if we pull off what our, you know, six or so trials have proved,

we might be able to, in the thermal fleet,

be able to increase by 15 to 20 gigawatts

the amount of power in the U.S.

without even building a new power plant.

Whoa.

It's this kind of efficiency, man, that is possible.

Yeah, it's all right.

We said 30 to 50 gig watts.

We have a 71 million dollar.

I know, let's hit the gong.

Let's get the gong.

Where's the mallet?

That's a big number.

Hit a heart.

Oh, my God.

I feel the vibrations over here.

I know, we're feeling it.

I wish you were here.

For a much dumber question,

how do you actually stick a robot to a vertical surface?

I mean, Gecko, I imagine suckers,

but are magnets involved?

Like, I imagine that there's some surfaces where a suction cup won't work

because maybe it's like stuck out or something.

Like, do you have multiple tools in your toolbox?

Like, talk me through that.

Yeah, good question.

Well, I really was desiring to use nanofibir just like a gecko we use.

Unfortunately, we can't live up to the biology.

And so we actually use neodymyraveno.

Why not just get hundreds of actual geckos?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

A chariot of gecko.

It's a biotech company, actually.

I actually, that's a great.

idea. So you use rare earth magnets? Is that right? Yeah, so we put them in a Hallbachery instead of

wheels to optimize, you know, pull force, so magnetic force into the, typically like most of our

infrastructure is carbon steel, so it's magnetic. If it's not, if it's concrete or if it's

stainless, then we'll use, the best adhesion is actually suction for non-ferrous materials.

Like you were right. Okay. So it's actually just like creating a really great, a really great

vacuum, yeah. And so that can actually. So you have a little air pomp.

that's sucking in air and creating that like with electricity.

Yeah, literally just a diced vacuum like, you know, head.

And then you create like a nice chamber, you know, for, you know, for, you know,

for, you to get.

Unfortunately, it's like, it's not great for dusty environments, but like, you know, you can.

So it's like it's less applicable, but also there's less less cases.

Like so for the food and beverage space, a lot of stainless steel.

And so there's not much dust that are either.

And so you can actually apply to there.

Okay.

So.

But it's the same kind of concept, too, which is like you don't want to crack.

You don't want a failure to occur.

And you don't want to damage that.

the material that you're inspecting with some crazy, you know, rock climbing shoe with spikes on it.

You're not going to be the ice climbing up the side of something that's going to...

Totally.

So actually, a really, a really, like, geeky, cool, like, thing that we built for the Navy was you typically have, like, you know, when Maverick lands his, like, fighter jet onto the plane, onto the aircraft carrier, he's landing on this, like, this coating, this non-skit is what it's called.

It's, like, really rough and grainy.

You have to actually remove all that stuff every, like, three years or so to be able to evaluate.

How healthy, you know, is the platform, is the flight deck itself?

Because there might be a crack underneath that and you got to take all that off.

Got it.

Totally.

And so you just didn't even know, like, you know, how healthy the structures underneath it.

Yeah.

So we've developed technology that actually, you know, uses electromagnetics to excite the surface.

You can actually measure how healthy things are underneath the non-skid.

Sure.

You know, it's like things like this like, you know, this orthodox way of thinking about how do you

figure out, like, what's wrong, what to fix, how much budget to put to use and where does the supply chain?

you know, how does the supply chain meet my need in terms of what things I need to fix and get the ship,

you know, back patrolling and deterring conflict.

Yeah.

It's like this kind of stuff that we, you know, I've just like built, you know, such an expertise

and now models around, you know, ensuring we get all this information data set.

So it really is like, you know, it's going from like a three to four month process to now click a button

and you know exactly like where to make all the repairs.

And the next time to do it, you know, you spend a lot less time in the dry dock.

And you should do this stuff more and more just like as it's like,

like patrolling on duty.

So like robots, you know, specialize robots that can be like on these ships.

That's like that's what we want to work towards.

In the in the basic example of like there's a boiler, the gecko robot climbs up, finds the crack.

Let's say.

I don't know exactly what happens.

Eroded erosion.

Are you thinking about an act too where you're actually doing repair as well?

Are you already doing repair?

Or is that something where it's like, oh, that's a two, that's a big technological challenge?

It's a great question, and it's something we're working on right now on the manufacturing side.

But I think the key was, the first idea was like, what if you could own the health data of the world's most critical pieces of infrastructure?

Yeah.

That'd be cool.

That seems like a pretty interesting, you know, thing to do.

And then, like, you begin to get into, if you can understand the health of things, then you begin, you know, then, like, you can just pull in existing information time series data sets.

Like, these are kind of things we pull in now.

And so, you know, if you're a power, if you're a power plant or you're a refinery, and you want to really capitalize on the fact that, you know, oil, oil, barrel's,

per day is 100 bucks right now.

And so you want to maybe increase production.

Well, you don't know if you can.

This is where, like, the consultant with software and AI companies really have a hard time.

It's because you don't know if you push the asset, will it, like, break down and not work and explode.

So that's, like, where the missing data set that never existed for that atoms to bits side of the robots allows for us to be able to make these operational changes now,

which is a lot more valuable than actually fixing the problem right then and there.

So we're going after these big value propositions.

And if you think about the ability to run functional finite element analyses,

so these like ANSIS type of like models, like these are sorts of things that GECO is working on

because we have this unfair data advantage that we've been collecting for 13 years on half a million assets now inside a candle lever.

And so what we're getting to.

So what we're trying to get to, man, is like, you're totally right in like where to go.

You want to find the problem, fix it right then and there, using these tools.

And so you want to build towards that, but you know, you want to be really smart on, like, the best techniques, the best kinds of approaches and ways to fix things and solve the most valuable thing first.

Then, you know, keep on solving more problems that your customers offer you.

But, man, I think the future is really going to be, it's going to be interesting because these are like capital intensive industries, you know, that can adopt technology like we're talking about here really, really quickly are going to be so unfailing advantage.

And this is like where, and we're like in those rooms creating the strategies, you know, for the top, you know, top 10, top 15, like, you know, large oil and gas companies in the world.

They're helping them with like how do we make an optimizes future because, you know, the future is going to really belong to folks that can figure out how to, you know, run the stuff unfairly.

Yeah.

Well, the chat absolutely loves you.

Yeah.

So come back soon.

This was really, this was really fun.

You guys are.

Congrats to the whole team on a new contract.

And I'm so glad you start.

started this company 14 years ago.

You're not coming on just pitching the concept,

but you've actually done the heavy lifting

to figure this stuff out.

And yeah, the opportunity scale of it is just insane.

Yeah, have a good thing.

Thanks. I appreciate it. Nice to you, by the way.

Thank you.

Happy St. Patrick's Day.

We'll talk to you soon and I will tell everyone about

TurboPuffer, serverless vector and full-tech search,

built from first principles on object storage,

fast, 10x cheaper, and extremely scalable.

We have some good news for just three

$3.9 million you can fly private to every every every F1 race on the calendar this year.

It's called the ultimate experience. All 24 races, $3,911,100 per person. So don't think, oh, they're flying me.

I'll just have my buddies tag along. You're going to have to put your buddies in a really large

suitcase. It's so funny because for some people, they would have to.

to pay them $3.9 million to go to all 24 races.

Because it's not just, if you're really doing this on a fixed schedule,

it's like at least four days a week, 24 times a year.

And this feels like a full-time job.

Also, there's some AI researchers out there that would just say, like, I can make.

Yeah.

So there's a wrinkle here.

They're saying, hey, flat price for private jet to all the races.

And they're like, well, like, even if you're based in Paris,

like there's a race over there, you know, you're based in Miami, there's a flight over there.

They haven't considered the fact that if I live off-grid in Alaska, it's going to cost them

$10 million to fly the private jet to some remote landing strip that I've constructed outside of Nome,

Alaska.

Yeah, is there like a SaaS company that could take advantage of this, basically being like,

we know we've got a bunch of buyers here, we're going to take our top rep.

Yeah.

And we're going to have them jet set around the world 24 strike missions.

make it math out.

Yes.

If you're selling bigger deals.

Skip the race, spend it in a conference room,

pitch and doing demos the whole weekend.

Yeah.

Demos in the paddock.

And then hop back on the jet.

Somehow, I think that if you price these flights individually,

it would be cheaper.

But it is very funny.

Not by much you're talking about going.

It depends on the jet.

Yeah.

I mean, it's a lot of travel, a lot of miles, a lot of hours.

But $4 million is a lot of money.

And I think it gets you a lot of flights.

This going to all 24 races, if you're not a driver or working, does not sound fun.

Also, they just said private jet travel between every race in the calendar.

They didn't tell you how many other people are on this private jet.

Imagine you hop on and then there's 17 stops while they pick up other people.

Unfortunately, standing room only.

Yeah, it's kind of a southwest vibe.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Anything could happen.

But we'll let you decide whether or not you want to spend $3.9 million to fly private

every F1 race on the calendar.

If you do, let us know.

Give us a review.

Send us a message.

Subscribe to our newsletter at TBPN.com,

then email us when we email you the newsletter

and tell us how the private jet experience was,

the ultimate experience.

Last but not least,

the new Roadster is apparently going to be unveiled next month.

Hopefully.

Hopefully.

If Elon puts hopefully in a tweet,

he says it will be a banger next level.

I'm very excited.

And Travis,

Kalanek said, when I've run into people who are in the know, I inquire. They tell me nothing,

but their eyebrows raised and their eyes widening away. They can only mean something of

sorcery and magic is coming. Hopefully it's a flying car. And I hope that it is revealed in April.

He should, he should unveil it in April 1st. Everyone would be so confused. It would be very

funny. If not, I can wait till May. I can wait till May. But I'm very, I'm very excited for the

next roadster. Expectations are incredibly high. There have been

so many electric supercars.

A lot of depreciation.

Not a lot that have filled that, like, special territory.

Even the electric sports cars have not done well.

The boxer.

My sense is, like, it's not going to be, like, a true supercar.

Yep.

It's going to be a turbo S, the kind of thing that people are going to just daily.

Daily.

And it's super fast.

Yeah.

It's fun.

But it probably, I mean, I would expect that it's...

But it's not the kind of thing you keep, like, with low miles because you expect it to appreciate it.

Yeah, I would basically expect, like, a remats Navarra.

which is like a $2 million car,

but at like a $200,000 price point.

Everyone's like, it goes zero to 60 in 1.6 seconds

or something like that.

Like this, it's going to have some headline stat

that everyone debates and it's like,

oh, well, technically it wasn't this,

blah, blah, blah, blah.

But it will be like shocking in its own way

and I'm sure people will have a lot of fun with it.

So excited to track that story.

Well, thank you for tuning in to TBPN today.

We will see you tomorrow.

Go have the best day.

Maybe have a Guinness.

on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

It's been an honor.

Why don't you throw that flashbang?

We'll see you tomorrow.

Goodbye.