=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - AI vs. Dog Cancer, Oscars Reactions, How to Lose the AI Arms Race | Kevin Espiritu, Paul Conyngham, Tony Zhao, Drew Oetting, Carina Hong, Cameron Fink, Debra Birnbaum
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/ai-vs-dog-cancer-oscars-reactions-how-to-lose-the-ai-arms-race-kevin-espiritu-paul-conyngham-tony-zhao-drew-oetting-carina-hong-cameron-fink-debra-birnbaum
Datum: 2026-03-17
Länge: ~197k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TBPN Ultradem, the Temple of Technology, the Fortress Finance, the capital of capital.

Time is money, save both.

He's and use corporate cards, bill pay, accounting, and a whole lot more all in one place.

What a massive week last week.

Alex Karp, going back to back with Travis Kallanick, the reactions to the Travis Kallanick interview was phenomenal.

I was reading them all weekend.

emotional the next day. Yeah. And there's something, I posted this on one of those, one of those clips that someone just shared was like, this is a great clip and I was there. Because, like, you know, you're in the moment and you don't really realize it. Rarely do I reflect too much on different interviews. Because there's always the next day of interviews, but, you know, watching some of the clips back, Guillermo from Verselle put together that hour long. So good. Kind of motivational video. It was so good. I think that.

the Travis Kalanick mindset has been missing.

Totally.

When he kind of left, there was, there's been a Travis-sized hole in the industry, in the culture.

Yeah.

And to see him come back and in 45 minutes basically just give the advice that I think like everyone that's building in some way can benefit from.

Not everyone is going to be Travis, but there isn't anybody out there that's done what Travis

has done that is kind of like preaching that. And I don't like listening to like founder porn

content personally. It's not, it's not appealing. But when it comes from Travis, it is just another

level. Yeah, like the right message at the right time. Yeah, especially the thing, the thing that I was

kind of pulling on is like right now, like, there's a lot of easy money everywhere, right? There's

teams that have built nothing that can raise between $50 to a billion at times.

And his feedback on that, his point of view, was like, okay, is capital really a constraint

in your business?

How much does it matter?

How much is it going to matter in terms of the competitive dynamics of your market?

And if it matters, and in a lot of these AI categories, it does.

And if it matters and it was easy, that means you didn't go hard enough.

Yeah, that is the best line.

And that was like the best line.

Like if money matters, as we all agree.

So you raised a billion?

Why didn't you raise two billion?

If money matters, why didn't you raise three billion?

Yep.

Like, oh, it was easy?

Yeah.

That means you didn't go hard enough.

Yeah.

I mean, that's somewhat the subject of what Dylan Patel was talking to Dorcasch about

on the Dorcasch Patel podcast, fantastic show, by the way, fantastic episode,

about this like, you know, being risk on, being aggressive.

And Ben Thompson wrote about that today, you know,

through a different lens, talking about, you know, are we in a bubble? Maybe, but like all the

numbers are penciling out. So go, go, go. Like, now is the time to scale. And yeah, it's a, it was

fascinating hearing it from a completely different perspective at the perfect time. But I really, yeah,

that was a great interview. That was, that was personal highlight. For sure. Building TBPN.

For sure. Friday. Yeah. That was great. It was, it really was like, like, the conversation that we set out to have

because, I mean, he mentioned he's leaving California,

but we're not going to, like, get bogged down

in, like, his political views or whatever like that.

It's so much more about the actual craft of scaling a business.

And, like, I think we just nailed that,

and so that was really fun.

Yeah, and the good thing is we have plans to do a show like that

every single day of the year.

Yeah, every day.

No.

Unfortunately, it's not possible, right?

It's not very often that someone like Travis,

world historic,

founder comes out of media retirement after almost a decade.

Almost a decade.

Yeah.

So very special.

But thank you for everyone who tuned in.

Thanks to everyone who enjoyed any of the clips, saw whatever you saw of it.

It was a really fun time.

And if you want to work in physical AI and you don't see yourself in the Elonverse,

I think that is one of your best possible bets, sort of like an indexed approach to.

You don't work insanely hard for Elon.

Work extremely hard for Travis.

You're going to have to work hard one way or another.

Exactly.

But that's the nature of...

If you don't want to work hard,

there's probably a company out there

that's competing with Travis or Elon and Physical AI.

You could work there.

I just wouldn't put much value on your RSUs.

Yeah.

That's rough.

Anyway, let's pull up the linear lineup.

Linear, of course, is the system for modern software development.

70% of enterprises workplaces on linear.

Are using agents?

Kevin, Spirtu, from Epic Gardening coming on to tell his story about scaling his YouTube channel.

I think we have a lot to talk about.

We always love creator economy stories.

Paul Coiningham, the dog healer is coming to break down how he used AI to augment, delay his dog's cancer.

We're going to be digging into, we'll first go through what actually happened.

I have some opinions about this, and then we'll talk to him to get his side.

Then we are pulling our delayed lightning round.

We went far longer than we expected with Travis on Friday.

So we are catching up on our lightning round with Tony from Sunday robotics.

Then we have Drew from 8VC.

He's a founding partner there.

He, an 8 VC team, backed Quince at Seed.

It's not a $10 billion company.

The Quince founder is a little under the radar.

Totally.

But I wanted to get this story from the 8VC team here,

how they're thinking about it.

And then a bunch of other folks joining.

Yeah, it'll be fun.

Well, let's read through Brandon Gorell's deep dive on the AI versus dog cancer.

What happened?

So late Friday, there was a story about an Australian tech entrepreneur,

and Paul Coiningham, reducing the size of his dog Rosie's cancerous tumor

by designing a custom MRNA vaccine with the help of ChachipT,

and it produced a substantial amount of discourse over the weekend,

separating facts from the hype cycle around the story.

Coyningham is an AGI-I-pilled tech guy

with 17 years of experience in machine learning and data analysis

at one time being a director at a nonprofit

called the Data Science and AI Association of Australia.

Talk about an incredible association.

We don't have enough data science and AI associations globally.

It's great to hear that Australia.

After his dog, Rosie, had been diagnosed

with a deadly mass cell cancer in 2024,

Coimingham used ChachyPD to brainstorm ways he could help.

and he did an interview on this, and here's a quote from him.

He said, I went to Chad GPT and came up with a plan on how to do this.

The first step was to reach out to the university to get Rosie's DNA sequenced.

Is there not a 23 and me for dogs yet or something like that?

Who's doing full genome sequencing these days?

I guess dog DNA is probably a separate assay, separate process.

Embark.

Embark.

You could do it.

Okay.

Well, anyway, he went to a university, probably for a good reason, probably got good data.

He said, the idea is you take the healthy DNA out of her blood, and then you take the DNA out of her tumor, and you sequence both of them to see exactly where the mutations have occurred.

It's like having the original engine of your car and then a version of the engine at 300,000 kilometers down the road.

You can compare them and see where there's damage.

So once the University of New South Wales produced the DNA sequencing, Mr. Conyham ran it through a whole bunch of different data pipelines.

So there's a, this is something that we're going to go into, you know, throughout this story is the question of like, how much was this cure my dog cancer? One shot it. Don't make mistakes. I don't think anyone's saying that. But very quickly there was like an incentive to amplify this into like the hype like this crazy story. And then there was also, you know, an incentive to like dehype this all the way. And the truth, of course, is in the middle. So that's where we're going to get today. So once the DNA sequence was produced, they were, he ran it through a whole bunch of custom.

different data pipelines to find those mutations and then use other algorithms to find drugs

to do the cancer. With the help of the University of New South Wales, Cueningham identified a

pharmaceutical company that produces an immunotherapy drug that looked like a good candidate for Rosie.

So the drug already existed or was available, but the company refused to supply it to him

because I don't think it was approved for this particular indication, this particular species.

So he was out of luck there. So he then turned to

Again, the University of New South Wales, their RNA Institute, which used Coiningham's data,

crunched down to a half-page formula to create a bespoke MRNA vaccine for Rosie, again from the story.

Coiningham ran an algorithm to inform the design of the MRNA and sent it to us,

and we made a little nanoparticle.

And it's democratizing the whole process, they said.

This is the Paul Thorntison, the director of the RNA Institute at the University of New South Wales.

So after several months of navigating red tape,

Coyneham and his team administered the vaccine to Rosie,

which was effective.

One of her tumors shrank by half, though she is not completely cured.

And that's just kind of the nature of cancer.

Like cells are dividing all the time.

Everyone has some sort of low level baseline of cancer.

Most dogs have like a little bit.

The question is like, is it runaway?

Is it bad?

Is it terrible?

And then it's hard to just like snap your fingers

and cure it completely.

But if you get the,

amount of cancer down really, really far, then you will, of course, survive. So the important thing

is that Conyham says the quality of life of the dog Rosie is much better now. So on X, news of the story

turned into a heated debate on health regulation. Yes. What is that? That was for Rosie. That's

for the dog. Air horn for the dog. Airhorn for the dog. That's great. Turned into a heated debate on

health regulation after biomedical engineer, Patrick Heiser posted that quote, it is trivily easy,

trivially,

easy to make a single

RNA vaccine. It's not

hard. And Hank Green,

a prominent YouTuber, issued

something of a rebuttal, which we can go through later.

A separate thread in the discourse was focused on the promise

of LLM's democratizing access to

medical science with OpenAI, President

Greg Brockman, quote tweeting the story with the caption,

a small window into the opportunity

of AGI. Well, Coiningham

didn't literally cure Rosie's cancer

with chat GPT, as

Stripe CEO Patrick Collison pointed

out. It acted as a high-powered search tool that ultimately helped his team get to an amazing

outcome. Sort of George Hots. We got to move the goalposts. I think we got to be. I'm ready to

move them. I think we're moving the goalposts. I mean, we'd be, where are we moving them to?

It has to actually, you have to be able to type, cure my cancer, and then from your phone,

it just deposits a pill that you just take. Yeah, exactly. Is that what it is? It has to, it has to

locally, yeah, end to end. No, ideally, ideally it would be,

not even a pill that you take.

It can just create a video that you watch.

The right pattern of light.

The right pattern of light coming from, and sound.

So the phone has light and sound.

And so the light flashes in your eyes at a certain rate,

it rewires your brain,

and your brain decides to go kill the cancer.

Yeah, and we've talked about this a bunch.

I think it would be helpful for the industry

to refocus some messaging on not AI is going to cure cancer,

but humanity is going to use AI to cure cancer.

and do a number of other things, right?

And so the bar is not just like one-shotting it

with a prompt and it sends it to a lab

and you get some type of treatment in the mail.

Maybe I can imagine that in the future, right?

Something to that effect.

But it is an enabler.

It's a tool.

And this has allowed someone to become not an expert in something,

but to help somebody understand a process

enough to go out and find the right

experts to help them solve their problem.

And I think it's incredibly inspiring.

So excited to have them on the show later.

So there was a chemist who works in AI and biotech by the name of Ash Jogalekar.

And he had a really good summary along those lines with a riff on Freeman Dyson's 2007

New York Review of Books essay, Our Biotech Future, which we should read at some point,

in which in this article, Freeman Dyson argues that biotechnology was,

will become small and domesticated rather than big and centralized.

The full post is worth reading in full,

and we might go through it, but the conclusion is particularly good.

If AI continues to reduce the cognitive overhead

required to navigate biological knowledge

and assemble complex pipelines,

the boundary between professional research

and motivated individuals may begin to blur.

That shift will require careful thinking

about safety, governance, and response

But it also carries an exciting possibility.

Dyson imagined a world in which biological design might eventually become something like a creative craft practiced not only by institutions,

but also by curious individuals experimenting at smaller scales.

Yeah, I think there's the reality of cancer treatment from my understanding is,

and this was based on a late family member that had cancer and ultimately passed away.

during the process, during his treatment process, which was around a year and a half, he was getting looks at different treatments that were promising, some of which he was able to do, some he didn't qualify for just based on his personal situation, even though there was a decent chance that it could have had a positive effect.

And that sort of the insane frustration that an individual feels or family feels when they're like, hey, this, you know, if something's terminal or it's looking really bad, it's progressing in the wrong direction, and there's a treatment out there that isn't, that is somewhat trivial to actually make, but you just don't qualify for it.

Yep.

That level of frustration will eventually drive more individuals, I think, to do this, right?

And so there's definitely some like safety, there's huge safety concerns, there's ethical concerns.

These are things that we have to work through.

But ultimately, I just think there's going to be so much, there's going to be enough like human energy and just overall desire to live that people will take risks that they wouldn't take for a bunch of other more sort of like trivial sort of issues.

There have been initiatives with the FDA, something around right.

try in certain scenarios, patients' rights,

sort of removing some of the regulation

and allowing people to make decisions like that.

It does feel like the FDA stance might need to change in this case.

Like they clearly have a role to play currently

and in the future where biotech becomes more democratized.

But yeah, hopefully there's like some good symbiotic relationship

there with the broader biotech.

broader biotech community as it get bigger.

I have a similar story with someone who developed a rare illness and was able to go and read

academic research at a very deep level.

Didn't have a background in biotech or anything like that, but was able, this was pre-AI,

was able to read like every published research paper that was at all related to this particular

illness and found the world expert in this particular disease, contacted the professor,

and the professor said, yes, you have the thing that I've been studying, and I've only found

five people or ten people in my entire career that have this thing, come down, I will operate

on you.

The operation happened.

It was successful, and it was fundamentally like a high agency person doing a lot of research,

and if AI just acts as a search tool

that democratizes that,

you're going to get better results.

So even if we're not in like

one-shotting, curing cancer,

that just feels like making search easier,

making research easier, huge benefit.

Yeah, Conigham, the guy, Australia,

could have done a lot of this 10 years ago.

He just would have needed to spend,

I'm sure, a bunch of time in libraries,

reading textbooks, all these things.

You can do manually.

You can just get a guy for that.

Yeah, you can get a guy or you, I mean, you don't even need a spreadsheet.

You can do, you can do the, you can calculate the math by hand.

But these things speed things up.

So it's, it's been a good time.

Stocks, options, bombs, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service.

If you want AI to handle your customer support, go to fin.a.

Thank you for clapping, Tyler.

How was your weekend, Tyler?

She was good.

Yeah.

It was good?

Yeah.

Did you go to any data centers?

No, data centers this weekend.

No?

I was an SF.

Didn't you go to a pig roast?

Yeah, that was on Friday.

That was in El Sigendo.

How was SF?

Is something big happening there?

Does it feel like being in Wuhan in February of 2020?

Something big was happening.

Yeah?

I went to a debate.

Oh, you went to the debate.

Okay, cool.

How was that?

It was good.

Yeah?

Yeah.

Yeah, it was about the billionaire tax.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

And did you go to the hackathon at all?

No, I missed that.

Okay.

I saw that semi-analysis had a hackathon.

The winners were crowned.

It seemed like a lot of fun.

It really does seem like the best time to go to hackathon.

Just because what you can actually accomplish in two days is remarkable.

Yeah, yeah.

Right?

Yeah.

It's like, people used to do hackathons,

and it'd be like, after two days, they'd be like, we have a landing page.

And a cool idea.

We created a hackathon.

with mini games for everything, and it's also making money.

We need to give an update on TBPN simulator at some point,

but it is coming along. The development has continued at breakneck face.

Yeah, we've got to work on the rollout of this. Yes, it might be GTA6 level by the time GTA6 comes out. I think we can get there.

We need a new graphics package. What do you think the actual

path to?

AAA graphics is? Do you think we should rewrite it in Unreal Engine with ray tracing and in

that people only run it on gaming PCs,

or should we do some sort of style transfer on top of it?

Yeah, I mean, I think the Unreal Engine is probably easier, right?

Because you're just, like, moving to code over.

That shouldn't be, like, that difficult.

You probably do that in, like, a day or two.

Okay.

Day or two.

I think these things used to take, like, years.

Like, it took elder scrolls, like, a decade to get to, like, Nintendo Switch.

You know, like, yeah, it takes a day or two.

The real-time-runner thing is interesting, but I think that's,

it's just, like, expensive.

That's the problem.

We had someone on the show that was doing.

doing it on Zoom over in real time.

That was Descartes?

DeCart, yeah, that was a cool demo.

So you imagine that tech prompted with like make,

take this from like boxy, I would say we're at,

we're above N64 level graphics,

but we're probably more like Xbox 360 graphics

and take us into, you know, modern day PS-P.

Yeah, I mean, this is why I'm very excited about doing,

everyone's so up in arms about like, oh, the new like PSX

isn't going to come out because,

You can't the memory.

Yeah, yeah.

And people are like, oh, I don't want to play games in the cloud, right?

But if you're in the cloud, that means you can actually, like, access a ton of compute

because, like, when you're not playing, when you're not using the GPU to run, like,

the nice graphics, someone else can be.

Yeah.

You can actually get higher to, you can get access to much better, like, hardware when you're playing video games.

And then also, yeah, more iteration on the graphics.

Like, it should just be, like, live service model, basically.

Yeah, and if you get the, you know, the GNI3 model where it's actually, you know,

generating on the spot, like, yeah.

That's something you can.

really only do in the cloud. I'm excited. Jensen, uh, just doing his keynote at GDC. So we pull up the

AI agent a trust identity. So you get the power of AI without the risk. Secure every agent,

Graphite helps teams on GitHub ship higher quality software faster. Uh, continue. Let's play it.

What do we got? We got Jensen. Institutional investor. These three,

people are deep in technology, deep in what's going on. And of course, they have just a really

broad reach of technology ecosystem. And then, of course, all of the VIPs that I hand-selected

to join us today, All-Star Team. I want to thank all of you for that. All-Star Team.

The leather jacket really has just aged so well. I also want to thank all the companies that are

here. NVIDIA, as you know, is a platform company.

Mike drop.

We have technology.

We have our platforms.

Oh, by the way, everyone uses us.

He's mugging our merch.

He is.

And today, there are probably

100% of the 100 trillion dollars

of industry here.

450 companies sponsored this event.

100 trillion dollars of industry.

I want to thank you.

A thousand technical sessions,

2,000 speakers.

This is...

2,000 speakers.

Wow.

Every single layer.

In one, they're going to do more.

interviews than we've done all year in one day, to chips, to the platforms, the models,

and of course the most important, and ultimately what's going to take, get this industry

taken off is all of the applications.

This really is the Super Bowl for semiconductors.

It all began here.

This is the 20th anniversary of CUDA.

We've been working on CUDA for 20 years.

For 20 years, we've been dedicated to this architecture.

This revolutionary invention, simty, single instruction, multi-threaded, lighting, lighting,

lighting, scale.

Let's get back to the timeline.

Let's go to Gemini 3. Pro.

Gemini 3.1 Pro is here with a more capable baseline.

It's great for super complex tasks like visualizing difficult concepts, synthesizing data into a single view, or bringing creative projects to life.

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

use your favorite agent to deploy web apps, servers, databases, and more, while Railway

automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

Back on the timeline.

Okay, we got to go through.

Wait.

You can just save your dog.

That's beautiful.

The beautiful picture here.

You can just save your dog.

It's remarkable.

This is a heartwarming story, and it also, yeah, I really like how it reveals, like, current

AI capabilities, where things are, the benefits, and sort of the diffusion narrative.

Like, this is fundamentally a diffusion story, not a super.

intelligence story, in my opinion. But let's go through Ash's post here. My take on the whole AI

cures dog cancer in Australia is a very interesting story, but perhaps not for the reasons that are

being noted. In 2007, Freeman Dyson published an essay in the New York Review of Books called

Our Biotech Future. It contains one of the most memorable predictions about the future of biology

that I've ever read. I predict that the domestication of biotechnology will dominate our lives

during the next 50 years, at least as much as the domestication of computers has dominated our

lives during the previous 50 years. Dyson believed biology would eventually follow the trajectory

of computing at first powerful tools, live inside large institutions, universities, government labs,

major companies. Over time, these tools get cheaper, easier to use and more widely distributed.

Eventually, individuals start doing things that once required entire organizations. You will be

the manager of infinite minds. You will have, you will have,

you know, a million agents, and you will also have access to the equivalent of a university

lab filled with biotechnology equipment.

Biotech will become small and domesticated rather than big and centralized.

This is very interesting in the age of AI because there's been this narrative of like

AI is a centralizing technology.

It is very power law driven, but this is sort of counter to that.

I don't exactly know how to piece those two things together, but it is interesting that

his prediction was actual decentralization.

in this particular category.

He even imagined genome design

becoming almost artistic.

Designing genomes will be a personal thing,

a new art form as creative as painting or sculpture.

Dyson's words rang in my mind as I read

the AI cures dog cancer story.

Much of the coverage framed in this.

I got to say it's very easy to imagine you

in 20 years.

I'm like, John, like you got to tell us

your anabolic steroid stack.

And you're like, it's kind of a personal thing.

It's kind of a personal thing.

It's kind of like an artisanal

process that I go through. It's like a sculpture. I'm sort of sculpting myself. I can't really,

I'm sorry, I can't, I can't really share my stack with you, but it's a personal thing. So

go, go and kind of figure out your own stack, you know. Speaking of sculptures, I was walking

around my neighborhood and I looked through this like, you know, gap in the trees into this like

large lawn. And I saw on this person's like front front lawn behind like, you know, gates and whatnot,

just a full-sized statue of a man playing golf,

who I didn't recognize.

It was like it was not Tiger Woods.

You think it was the owner.

I think it was the owner.

I think the owner was like I'm into golf.

Or, you know, like one of his boys got it for him, which is a hilarious gift.

Getting someone a life-sized statue of themselves.

And just having it delivered.

And then it's like, well, it's impolite for you to turn it down.

You know, what are you going to do?

Anyway, the scientific pipeline involved here is actually well known.

It closely mirrors the workflow used in personalized neo-antigen vaccine research that has been

under active development for years.

The steps are fairly standard.

Sequence the tumor.

Identify somatic mutations.

Predict which mutated peptides might be recognized by the immune system.

Encode those sequences into an MRI construct and deliver them to stimulate an immune

response.

The biological targets themselves were almost certainly not new discoveries.

I have been able to find, I haven't not.

I have been unable to find out what they are, but mutation.

In mutations in targets like KIT, which are common might be involved.

Partly therein lies the rub, since the hardest part of drug discovery, whether in humans or

dogs, is target validation, the lack of which leads to a lack of efficacy.

The number one reason for drug failure.

In neo-antigen vaccines, the proteins involved are usually ordinary cellular proteins

that happen to contain tumor-specific mutations.

Alpha-fold, which was used to map the mutations onto specific protein structure.

is now a standard part of drug discovery pipelines.

That's fascinating.

The challenge is identifying which mutated peptides

might plausibly trigger immunity.

What is interesting, though, is how the pipeline was assembled.

Normally, this type of workflow spans multiple domains,

genomics, bioinformatics, immunology,

and translational medicine.

And in institutional settings,

those pieces are distributed across specialized teams,

document sources and legal and technical barriers,

navigating the literature, selecting computational tools,

interpreting sequencing results and designing a candidate MRNA construct is typically a collaborative process.

In this case, AI appears to have helped compress that process, pulling together data and tools from different sources.

Instead of requiring multiple experts, a motivated individual was able to assemble the workflow with AI acting as a kind of guide through the technical landscape.

That is fascinating.

Anyway, it's a longer post, but you should go read the thing in full.

Patrick Collison also chimed in.

He said, according to the story, the dog's cancer has not been cured, I think it's just 50% smaller, which of course is a win, but not.

Using the term cure is always tricky, but it does go viral.

Absent all regulatory and manufacturing constraints, we could not just synthesize magic RNA RNA cancer cures.

The technology is very promising, but it's not any kind of panacea yet.

The emergent system of regulators and manufacturers is indeed far too conservative and small, small,

small-scale experimentation is much harder than it should be.

More people should read the first part of the rise and fall of modern medicine.

So it was interesting.

Lee says, Chad, CBT, cure cancer, make no mistakes.

Biomedical engineering industry.

Yeah, don't do this.

It's easy and effective, but we can't make enough money off of it.

It's ridiculous.

It's surprising G. Fodor says it's surprising how people are so blatantly talking past

each other on this.

The point is that the system of clinical,

trials is predicated on an assumption that a given drug will work on a cohort. What if there are

lots of drugs that will only work on one person? So definitely a big desire and push for, you know,

rethinking the system of clinical trials if you're going to have personalized medicine. What does

that mean? There's already a lot of people that biohackers that do all sorts of stuff like this.

Can't believe he wasted two cups of water to do this. Hashtag ban AI.

It is ridiculous.

It's a great counterpoint to the Dumeers.

What else is going on? Mark Andreessen shimes in.

I can't load the post right now.

We got to go to probably the most important story of the day.

Gabe says he had a dream that Apple released a 32-inch MacBook called the MacBook Pro

ultra-wide.

It looked like this.

I bought one and unlocked extreme productivity, and then it wouldn't fit into my backpack,

so I had to leave it behind.

Oh, no.

This is sort of like a twist on that other words.

laptop that we saw. They should honestly make this. They should. I mean, walking around,

looking like maybe you could put skateboard trucks on it. Yeah. That you could use it as transport.

Yeah. It's more of like a snowboard build that you like carry over your shoulder like this.

Or surfboard. You know, people throw it on the top of your car like that. Three fingers.

Why? You don't put a surfboard on the top of your car? Yeah. I mean, real ones don't.

Oh, what do they do? They put it inside the car? Truck bed or inside the car. Truck bed.

Okay.

Yeah.

I don't pretend to be a surfing expert.

Never served.

You can clocks if somebody's actually a surfer or not just by the way they go to reach with their board.

No, but I think, yeah, throwing it under your arm, having some trucks on it, skating, being able to get where you need to go.

I like the ultra-wide.

What if they're driving a Hurricon-Storado?

Where would you recommend that they put their surfboard then, Jordi?

Storado, I could make exceptions.

I like this.

Dylan Patel said on Dorcas, the TAM for GPC 5.4 is north of $100 billion, but there's adoption lag.

That's considered AGI as far as the Microsoft OpenAI contract is concerned.

That's very interesting.

Sam Carter says the reported $1 billion of profit is no longer the sole trigger for confidential IP research access.

It reportedly includes an independent expert review.

You were saying Joe Rogan would be on that.

Andrew Heirman.

The experts would be on there.

you got to trust them at all times.

Be Yovonne, maybe.

You know, the funniest thing about that joke is that, like,

I actually would like to know that panel of experts

where they deem AGI.

Because I feel like between all of them,

they could chat with the chatbots and be like,

ah, it's like not that good yet.

You know?

Like, be very realistic about it.

Yeah, they're not necessarily just going to be like,

oh, I'm pumping it for whatever reason.

And they're like, I have this weird bias or whatever.

And so it'll be very interesting to see how the AGI definition plays out because it does feel like we're close.

I mean, Dario on Dorcasch was saying like we're near the end of the exponential, which is like sort of crazy.

It feels like, you know, Sequoia declared AGI.

They're an investor in OPA.

And so there's a lot of stuff.

What do you think about the AGI time?

Do you want to be on the expert panel?

I think I would say that we already reached AGI.

Yeah.

It was maybe earlier.

You called it like 30 seconds before a time.

Tyler Cowan did.

I remember it was like 30 seconds before you came,

you tapped me on the shoulder and you said,

it's here.

And then we went and refreshed X and Tyler Cowan had come out.

Yeah, yeah.

I think, like, realistically, I would probably say

it was something like when the, you know,

agenic harnesses came out.

So stuff like Cloud Code.

Sure.

Where you can actually just like tell it to build a project.

And then it'll, there'll be errors.

It'll see those errors.

It'll, like, keep working on it.

Not reasoning models?

I mean, it's so hard. It's like on like math or something like this, right?

Like those basically unlocked like, yeah.

Yeah. Now they can just do anything.

Yeah, yeah. I mean, the agentic thing was talked about for a full year.

And then it finally happened like in December.

And it was pretty broken up until then.

Yeah, but I think like you can still just make like a very good case that like, yeah, chat ChbT, like that was AGI.

Like you can just ask a question. It'll answer it.

Yeah.

If you'd never talk to an AI model before and you talk to that, you're like, this is a person.

Microsoft Excel.

this.

1985.

AGI.

Jose Mascado says,

ultimate narrative violation

from the Dylan Patel

Dorcashpot.

Three years later,

H-100s are actually

trading above launch price

in secondary markets,

i.e. negative depreciation.

Yeah.

That's called appreciation.

Appreciation.

I just want to go out and say,

I appreciate.

H-100s.

Negative depreciation.

Yeah. That's funny.

This completely flips

to Michael Burry two.

year e-waste bare thesis on its head.

Yeah.

Somebody's got to check on Michael Burr.

It's such a different, it's such a different dynamic.

Because I mean, like the whole, there was a reasonable underpinning for GPU depreciation,

which was just look at 20 years of computer equipment history.

It's like it all depreciates over like maybe five years, maybe 10 years.

Some stuff sticks around, but like they burn out.

Yeah, it's just interesting to look at, Jose said, Corey probably benefits most from this.

They have 250,000 GPUs and a $66 billion backlog depending where you think market was pricing depreciation.

Margins approved by something around 40%, which means $1 billion a year in additional earnings.

Who knows where this stuff actually re-rates or how sustainable.

But great, great time to be a neolab.

One of the founding team members at Lambda was posting last week, basically, congratulations to everyone.

relations to everybody that booked out like GPUs on on an annual basis in 2025.

You're looking like absolutely brilliant right now.

Obviously, Sam is starting to look extremely vindicated on all of the deals that he did last year.

So Tomaz.

What's the only thing faster than the AI market?

Your business on MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

serverless vector in full-text search built from first principles and object storage.

Fast, 10x cheaper and extremely scalable.

Tomaz says, we've been growing a lot and are out of GPUs.

This is Sam Altman in March of 2025.

Sa' Katz over at Oracle says we're still waving off customers or scheduling them out in the future.

This is a situation that we have not seen in our history.

Satya says you may actually have a bunch of chips sitting in inventory that I can't plug in.

I don't have warm shells to plug into.

Sundar says, what keeps us up?

at night. The top question is definitely around capacity, all constraints, be it power, land,

supply constraints, how do you ramp up to meet this extraordinary demand?

And sorry, quickly, between power, land, supply chain constraints, chips, you were saying

that the takeaway, your takeaway, your read on Dylan Patel on Dorcasch was that chips were

the main. Yeah, I mean, not even like a read, like he explicitly said this. He's like between

power and chips, chips is what's going to be the big bubble.

because at some point, like, there's all these ways that you can actually, like, maybe get, like,

10% of the, you know, U.S. energy production to just, like, go to, you know, AI, where, like,

at some point, like, okay, we don't have enough, like, EUV tools.

Yeah.

And, like, they're not building them right now, which means that they're not going to have them

for at least three, four years.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, this was Ben Thompson's, like, TSMC needs to step up and spend more on CAPEX.

Their, their CAPX guide is, like, a CAPX guide for ants, like, a mere $45 billion or something.

and it should be probably much higher.

Yeah, but I mean, it even goes down to the, you know,

the tool makers below them, like really, like really deep in the supply chain.

Yeah.

At least what I got from Dilipatel on that interview was that, like,

they still are not really that AGI-I-pilled.

They're not expecting this kind of massive, you know, increase in demand to stick around.

Yeah.

Trey says a sign of taste is dabbling in the vintage GPU market.

A-100s.

Yeah, ampier.

V, you gotta go Volta.

Go back to Volta.

The, yeah, I mean, I remember I was digging into that, like chips versus energy, what's

the big bottleneck?

And I think we're using something like 50% of leading edge capacity.

Like, of the fabs that can make AI-powered GPUs, like GPUs that can run transformer-based

large language models, we're using like 50% of that capacity already.

And then some of the leading edge nodes go towards.

like Apple Silicon chips that are maybe designed system on a chip, something for a phone.

And only like one percent of energy right now in America goes towards AI, or less.

It's like 0.1 or something.

So you can reallocate and everyone just turn off your air conditioning.

One more quote.

Close the door if the air conditioning.

Lipp Butan says there's no relief as far as I know.

No relief until 2028.

Somewhat ominous.

Keep reading.

Tomaz says what happens when your AI doesn't answer?

answer, everything is in short supply.

It's no longer just GPUs, it's power, data centers, memory,

CPUs.

If there's no relief for six more quarters, perhaps it's time to plan for a world where inference

isn't freely available on demand.

Inference prices, which have been static will rise, subsidies will be harder to justify.

Enterprises will need to rationalize workloads deciding which teams receive state-of-the-art

models and which don't.

Not every CRM update requires a trillion parameter frontier model.

Inference rationing normalizes market.

marketing receives this much, sales receives that much, software engineers probably receive a lot more.

Constraint will be the mother of invention. Companies will optimize what they have, adopt,

open source where they can, and likely move to smaller models for many.

This is a really cool take. I like this. It's also interesting because not every CRM update

requires a trillion parameter frontier model. That's another bull case for Hopper price stability

going forward and less depreciation because if you can leave your CRM update workload where you're

just going through and spell checking names and cross-referencing data sources and pulling from

email and dumping some notes summarizing and you can do that on a GPT4 class model instead of

using 5-4 you can probably distill that model boil it down run it on an H-100 fleet really efficiently

and so that's still economically valuable and so you're able to continue that

Should we go over Ben Thompson's post from this morning?

Yeah, we should.

Now it would be a good time.

Yeah.

RL environments, voice, robotics, evals,

and expert human data, label boxes,

the data factory behind the world's leading AI teams.

We're D2C brands, B2B startups,

and AI companies advertise on streaming TV,

pick channels, target audiences, measure sales,

just like on meta.

Ben Thompson published this this morning.

To me, the second,

I saw that I started reading it, it felt like taking a double scoop of C4.

Is that a pre-workout?

Yeah, you never.

I know the can.

I didn't know it was a...

You never, you never dabbled?

What was the one that we...

I'm more of the gorilla-mined one.

That's the one that I do.

Many people have said you have the mind of a gorilla.

Yes, yes, yes.

For more plates, more days.

You're a gorilla in sheep's clothing.

I think that's literally the pre-workout that I have, although I don't use it often.

Anyway.

So you got pumped up.

I got pumped up. Ben writes, there's a weird paradox in terms of AI prognostization. Prognostication. That was a good, good effort, Jordy. On one hand.

There's some ways, there's just so many words. What are the requirements for having a podcast? Like, knowing how to say words, no. Taste.

I mean, yeah, ultimately, there's a lot of words that you, when you read them, you're just like, oh, yeah, you can just do it and then you try to rip it.

On one hand, you don't want to be the one to completely dismiss the most terrifying doomsday scenarios.

Who wants to be found out to be foolishly optimistic?

At the same time, there's also pressure to give credence to the possibility that we are in a bubble,

and all of this hype and spending is going to go belly up.

While I have argued against the former, I have very much been on board with the latter,

making the case that bubbles can be good.

Sitting here in March 26, however, on the morning of NVIDIA's GTC,

I've come to a different conclusion.

I don't think we're in a bubble.

Let's go.

Which paradoxically may be the truest evidence we are.

Where's the bubble gun?

Let's get the bubble gun going.

He writes, LM paradigms over the last couple of weeks, first in the context of Invidia earnings,

and then last week in the context of Oracles, I've talked to about three LM inflection.

I've talked about three LM inflection points.

Yeah.

I'm not going to go through all these.

You guys chat.

We've talked about this a few times.

So, LLM's reasoning models and then agents, and each one of those increases the demand exponentially

for compute.

Yeah.

So LM, chatGPT, 01, and then Opus, as well as ClaudeCode and Codex.

Basically getting the point where tasks are being accomplished over hours and getting to great outcomes.

And this is the interesting point.

The decrease need for agency, the reason Ben has been writing about these three inflection points over the last couple of weeks has been to explain

why it is that the industry is so compute-constrained and why the massive investment in the CAPEX by the hyper-scalers is just,

The first paradigm required a lot of compute for training, but inference actually answering a question was relatively efficient.

You simply sent the user whatever the model spit out.

The second paradigm dramatically increased the amount of computing needed for inference for two reasons.

First, generating an answer required a lot more tokens because all of the reasoning required tokens in addition to the answer itself.

Second, the fact that reasoning made the model so much more useful meant that they were used more, which drove increased token usage in its own right.

It's a third paradigm, however, that has truly tipped the scales and fade.

of CAPEX expenditure, not being speculative investment, but rather badly needed investment

in meeting demand that far exceeds supply.

First, generating an answer will often entail multiple calls to a reasoning model.

Second, the agent itself needs compute and that compute, and the tools the agent uses is

better done by CPUs and GPUs.

Third, agents are another step function increase in usefulness, which means they are going to

be used even more than even reasoning models in a chatbot.

It's how this third point will be manifested that I think

is underappreciated. After all, far more people use chatbots than agents, but I would make the

case that most people are not using chatbots as much as they should. It's been a question of agency

to get the most from AI requires actually taking the initiative to use AI. And he goes into

a little bit talking about local compute talking about how Apple's opportunity to run LMS.

locally. There was a very, very interesting take in here where he's talking about the Apple

MacBook Neo launch, which is $599, I think $499 for education, potentially very disruptive to other

laptop makers. You still get discounts, Tyler? Or does it? I think I'm still a lot. I'm still

student. Oh yeah, you're still studying because you're on lead. Yeah, that's great. There you can.

There are some legendary at leave of absences where people have been away for like,

10 years and then they go and do so many see the the goal is to defer for so long that but then

also have such a meteoric rise that they have to give you the honorary degree before while you're

still eligible that's a good one because they're like oh well we got it i think mark Zuckerberg got

an honorary degree from Harvard but he was on he was on delay for like a year and i think they gave

him the honorary degree a couple years later so you know that's the that's the speed run to beat

But the point about the MacBook Neo is that at 599, a lot of PC makers should be sort of quaking in their boots because you're selling at that price point.

And for a customer who's just like, I want a $600 laptop, normally it was like, am I going with like ASUS or another brand?

I'm not in the Apple category.

Like it's not an option because that store over there, those laptops start over at.

thousand, that's not my budget, so I'm not even going in that store. Well, now you can,

and you can spend $600 and get a pretty good computer. And the CFO, Nick Wu, of Asus,

was on their recent earnings call, and he said, actually, don't worry about it's not a threat.

We found out about the MacBook Neo-shipments in the second half of last year. We made some

internal prep. But now that it's out, we don't think it's that big of a deal. It has some

limitations. Specifically, it only has eight gigs of RAM. So like, you know, this is more focused on

content consumption. It's not a mainstream notebook for notebook usage for creation, for working.

It's not a work device. It's a consumption device. It's more like an iPad. And Ben Thompson's point

is that, well, like, that's what people use these laptops for now. It is a lot of consumption.

There aren't as many people who are in that $600 price target that are wanting to run powerful applications at that price point.

As soon as you're running powerful applications locally, you're probably more of a business buyer and you can spend more.

And then he goes into apply that to to AI, talking about enterprise and the value of companies have a demonstrated willingness to pay for software that makes their employees more productive.

and AI certainly fits that bill in this regard.

What makes enterprise executives truly salivate, however,

is not the prospect of AI eliminating jobs,

but doing so precisely because it makes the company

as a whole more productive.

So increasing production.

Yeah, and he basically, my interpretation,

he's making the case that there are companies

that could cut headcount and actually just grow faster

if they're implementing AI properly,

not just replacing, like, the reggae.

work loads. Yep. So he says agents, however, will tilt much more heavily towards

pure acceleration, making those drivers of value. Okay, actually I'm going to start one paragraph

before. It's always been the case, even in large companies that a relatively small number of

people actually move the needle and drive the company forward in meaningful ways. That drive,

however, has been filtered through a huge apparatus filled with humans who accelerate the effort

in some vectors and retard it in others. That apparatus makes broad impact possible,

but it carries massive coordination costs.

Agents, however, will tilt much more heavily

towards pure acceleration,

making those drivers of value much more impactful.

I'm sympathetic to the argument

that the best companies will want to use AI to do more,

not simply save money.

The reality of large organizations, however,

is that the net positive impact of AI

will not be in eliminating jobs,

but rather replacing hard-to-manage and motivate human cogs

in the organizational machine with agents

that not only do what they are told,

but do so tirelessly,

and continuously until the job is done.

This only makes the argument that we are not in a bubble much more compelling.

Unless there's a compute constraint and then the models get lazy.

And they're like, I don't know about tirelessly or continuously.

I'll get around to it when I feel like it.

I'll give it a crack.

I'll get around.

Yeah.

This only makes the argument that we are not in a bubble that much more compelling.

First, all of the weaknesses of LMs are being addressed by exponential increases in compute.

second, the number of people who need to wield AI effectively for demand to skyrocket is decreasing, right?

You have one Tyler, just, you know, he's going to, Tyler's going to set up to be able to do sign language with his agents to just be, not even speaking, just sending.

Do you actually ever use any of the voice models? Remember Carpathie was talking about that?

Yeah, a lot of people do this because you can just like talk much faster, I guess. I haven't done this really. I've used it.

Sometimes I use the voice mode, but I don't actually use it in like coding agents yet.

I was using the chat chippy T voice mode, like the true back and forth voice mode.

Yeah, like real-time voice.

Real-time voice mode in the car this morning, and they improve that thing dramatically.

It's good, yeah.

It's so much better.

So first off, it doesn't do that, like, that's a great question or anything like that.

Or that whole pause that was in the Super Bowl ad, like, that just doesn't exist anymore.

It just answers.

And it answers in these really short, punchy things.

I was asking it about like how many jobs are actually in America.

And it just says like 164 million.

And it just like gets me the answer.

And I'm like, how many jobs are there in China?

It's like 730 million.

And I'm just able to go back and forth with it

and ask more and more detailed back and forth

without needing to like dictate a whole prompt

and then let pro cook on it for 10 minutes,

come back, have it read it to me.

It was like a much better experience.

I was very pleasantly surprised by

how the back and forth worked.

And they also changed it so that you see the floating bubble

of like the little animation,

but the text populates in real time

with your question and then the answer

and then your question and the answer

so you can just scroll and read as well.

It's very cool. Anyway.

Third, the last argument that we are not in the bubble,

that economic returns from using agents

aren't just impactful on the bottom line,

i.e. saving on cost, but the top line as well.

Let's go.

In this context, it is any wonder that every single hyperscaler says the demand for compute exceeds supply and that every single hyperscaler is in the face of stock market skepticism announcing CAPEX plans that blow away expectations.

So I encourage you to go subscribe to Stratacary, max out your plan, pay annual.

But this was extremely notable.

It's such a funny ending where he has this point of,

about like you only need to be worried about a bubble when,

like you don't need to be worried about a bubble

if everyone's saying a bubble,

because then everyone's like risk off

because everyone agrees that we're, oh, we're in a bubble,

let's not do bubble behavior.

And so capitulation is the sign of a bubble.

And he's like, I understand that and still this is my take.

It's a bold take, but I think it's a good one.

Want to change the world, raise capital

at the New York Stock Exchange.

We talked to John

at the New York Stock Exchange a couple months ago.

Now he's in the Wall Street Journal talking about arrogance in private markets.

Take us through it, George.

He was going hard.

He was going hard.

Yeah, we'll click into this.

Top Apollo executive sounds off on arrogance in private markets.

He says, I literally think all the marks are wrong.

Apollo's John Zito said of private equity in previously unreported comments.

Apollo says comment was about software companies.

Let's go through it.

Executives of the biggest private credit lenders have sought to play down an exodus of investor money from their funds,

making carefully worded television appearances to calm jitters about the sector.

Apollos, John Zito, former guest to the show,

co-president of the firm's asset management arm that is one of private credit's largest players,

spoke more bluntly in a previously unreported discussion that UBS arranged for some of its clients late last month.

Zito called out arrogance in private markets, predicted.

that a private credit loan made to a generic, smaller, mid-sized Joe software company might recover

20 to 40 cents on the dollar and said federal reserve chairman Jerome Powell is needling President

Trump with his inflation commentary. According to audio recordings of the comments reviewed by the

Wall Street Journal, it sounds like this wasn't meant to be public. I don't know.

Calling people in private markets arrogant is crazy. I feel like I know a ton of people in private

markets, I don't know anyone who's arrogant at all. It's like remarkable. So a bold, bold call

by him, but we'll see what he, what evidence he has to back up that extraordinary claim.

He blamed the media for creating a frenzy around private credit. Obviously, we're in the

middle of a private credit party. Apparently, if you do credit well, it's honestly, I would say

we don't understand private credit well enough to like really put everyone up into a frenzy.

He says, if you do credit well, it's supposed to be pretty boring.

If you do stupid things and you do concentrated things and you do things that you're not supposed to do in your vehicle, you probably will have a bad ending.

Zito talked about the sell-off and shares of large software companies, which was largely sparked by fears about AI.

He cautioned that smaller software companies bought by private equity, many with private credit loans could face even more challenging conditions.

Those dismissing concerns by pointing to strong results from public companies are missing the point.

I'm not as rosy and I'm not as confident in what will happen with the technology.

anyone who tells you that the earnings last quarter are really good.

So all is good.

Anyone who says that clearly doesn't understand.

Most of the businesses that were bought from 2018 to 2022 are lower quality than those

companies.

Because they're not public yet.

Smaller than those companies.

And we're trading at a much higher valuation than those companies.

And so I am concerned about many of those take privates.

Yeah, I remember a lot of, like Logan Bartlew was doing a ton of analysis in the end of the Zurp era at how high the multiples were in

the public markets and that's what was driving the 100x A.R.R. transactions. And you have to imagine

that even if we were like, oh, yeah, that, you know, VC back company was sort of over, overhyped at

100x ARR, well, that still has a trickle down effect to, you know, the private equity buyout.

That's just like, yeah, I remember last year when Figma went out. Yeah. And they priced it.

Yeah. Yeah.

Very reasonably. Yep. Right. They were very intelligent how they priced it. But then obviously there

was so much excitement because it's such a great company. Round trip. It ran up.

when in the first couple days, there was some late stage private task companies that I remember were posting like, maybe I should go public. Yeah. I think it was the Parker from Rippling was like, oh, if I can get, you know. That's a grazing multiple. Yeah, if I can get, you know, some insane revenue multiple. Maybe this appealing. Obviously, a lot of those names still could get out this year. They're not not as eager to get out.

Zito pointed to Toma Bravo's 2021, 6.4 billion take private of the software firm Medalia, in particular,

several lenders to Medalia, including Apollo, have already written down its debt.

He says there will be an issue with respect to that credit, which I think will be worse than people expect.

Asked what kind of recovery rates he anticipates on private credit loan to generic, smaller, mid-sized Joe software company.

Zito said, Joe's software company, if he's in the wrong place, I think he's going to recover somewhere between 20 and 40.

So 60 to 80% marked down.

A lot of the private credit firms have been, they'll mark down a loan, but mark it down to like 95.

Sure.

You know, like, you know, nothing very significant.

Zito noted that he expects private credit loans originated in the next 12 to 18 months to be a much better vintage as it relates to quality of company, amount of leverage, documentation, and spread.

He also weighed in on redemptions and whether private credit managers should enforce limits, typically five percent.

of a fund shares each quarter or allow more investors to cash out when they are flooded with requests.

It is a topic he and others on Wall Street have recently been asked about as funds take different approaches.

You're going to see elevated redemptions for a handful of quarters.

I don't know how long it lasts.

Making a decision in one quarter may be the right like decision for fundraising in the near term.

And then a quarter later, you'll realize it was a really bad decision.

So my overall bias is to stick to the 5% to protect all of my existing investors.

on vulnerabilities and private equity.

Zito sought to shift the focus to private equity,

where Apollo has less exposure than most of his peers.

He suggested investors' voracious demand for buying stakes

in existing private equity investments,

but wariness of the private debt underpinning those deals

doesn't add up since the equity would be junior to the debt

if there were major problems with these assets.

There's unlimited demand for secondary private equity,

but they're worried about private credit,

which finances 80% of those portfolios.

I can't compute, but I'm the dumb guy.

I don't understand.

I start staying this and I get these blank stairs back at me like, okay, I don't know.

He said, I literally think all the marks are wrong.

Is that what you're asking me?

I think private equity marks are wrong.

And again, I read into this, he's talking so candidly.

Yeah.

At least in private equity land, he doesn't feel exposed enough to be freaking out.

Yeah.

A couple more quotes.

He says,

this next cycle is going to be a big moment in time for the private markets

because people are way smarter than I think private market participants,

particularly people in the wealth channel.

Like, I kind of sense an arrogance of the people who grew up in the private markets business.

If you don't mark your book, I think you actually lose trust with the clients.

We're going to be the market leader and actually marking our book.

Let's give it up for being the market leader.

on the economy and markets he said i think it's more likely than not that we go into a recession

a consumer confidence-led recession most of the companies we lend to are getting a lot of pressure to show clear

a i execution it's forcing people to do stuff before the actual technology works that's going to be the

first step of just a slowdown in the broader economy interesting uh he said i literally think

Powell, he's so upset at how it's ending that he's just saying there's inflation every day to piss off the president.

Like, I literally think that's what's going on. And it's so hard for me to see inflation. I don't see it

anywhere. I see it much more deflationary. I think the technology is attacking every profit pool.

What do you say? Asked why a popular high-yield corporate bond ETF seen as a benchmark for such debt

that is typically under pressure and an economic crunch was relatively flat for the year.

He says, I don't have any idea. The amount of dispersion.

going on beneath the service is kind of crazy. I literally at home, I told my wife last night,

I feel like the market should be down at least 10% and it's flat or up. Can't make heads or tails of it.

On Apollo's credit business, he says on our balance sheet, we are 95% investment grade, private and public

investment grade. I have a view that bigger companies are going to do better than smaller companies,

and so I've tried to position my... The terminology gets me every time. Yeah, I know.

Because is there like, you ask me, I run a private credit fund. We mostly backed, we,

mostly invest in non-investment grade opportunities.

Yeah.

It's like, brother.

Don't you want to be investing?

What were you doing?

It's in the name.

Now, of course, you get higher rates.

Very funny end of this journal piece.

They have a form.

We want to hear from you.

Are you currently an investor in private credit funds?

Or are you planning to become one?

We'd like to hear from you.

Share your thoughts or experiences in the form below.

They're looking for snitches.

Yeah, I'm going gig along.

Back to Data Center land Amazon.

Really quickly, let me tell everyone about console.

Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of ITHR and finance support, giving employees instant resolution for access requests and password resets.

Your business is AI, their business is securing it. CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

Got to give another shout out to George Kurtz, who went one and two again at the Chinese GP over the weekend.

Mercedes on an absolute tear. It's the Kurtz effect. I saw a I saw some sort of

promotional post for a vintage Lamon racing series so 24 hours but there's some date where like

all the cars have to be from early before 1990 or something like that I don't I don't exactly

know how old I didn't take into it but it looked very very cool. Uh anyway.

Cerebrus just landed AWS. Amazon announced imprints chips deal with Cerebrus,

which is big.

They are proving

the doubters wrong.

Elon is saying that the

TerraFab project launches

in seven days.

Beth Jzos says,

what?

Very, very fast timeline.

Obviously, when people

heard about his plans

on DORCASH.

A lot of people

kind of questioned it.

Yeah.

But Elon's used to being questioned.

Yeah.

Cerebris is such a cool company.

Like I just the first time, I mean, we've seen it with like the chat Jimmy AI and, you know, just going to Codex desktop, which is, of course, like a coding harness.

But you can just ask you questions.

And you can experience Codex 5.3, I think 5.3 is on.

Yeah, 5.1. Spark.

Spark.

Yeah, spark.

And it just gives you the answer immediately.

And it's actually very, very magical.

And I think that's going to be really good for retention, basically.

Everyone's going to be in.

The smiling curve will smile more as people come back.

Matthew Zitland says data center capacity growth is slowing.

He's pulling data here that says newly added U.S. data center capacity slows down considerably in Q4-2025 as market struggles to keep up with explosive demand.

25 gigawatts of data center capacity added to the funnel in Q4, 50% less than Q3.

We'll see if that ramps up again.

That still seems like a lot.

The number that I was hearing was for this year, the target for Anthropics is like five gigawatts,

which is like an insane amount of compute, but at the same time, like, in the context of 25 gigawatts and one quarter,

like it feels like there is like still significant growth, but of course, you know, risks to all of this.

One dozen overrun X says they were right to take cigarette ads off TV.

I would have smoked a pack a day if I saw that.

when I was 14.

What is this video?

Let's pull it up.

Is this a real ad?

This cannot be a real ad.

Get the sound.

Some sort of vibe.

I don't know if we're allowed to play this anymore.

I think cigarette ads are banned.

Is that actually, I'm so confused by this ad.

I think that's Charlie Sheen, right?

Is that the Arctic Trial Paris?

Good music, though.

This should be the new launch video meta.

Oh, it was an internet.

national ad.

The message there is that they're taking New York to France, but then it was Japanese text

on screen?

I don't know.

It seems like some sort of mashup.

I don't know.

Let's go over to Tyler Cowan.

Yes.

How to lose the AI arms base.

Lock in.

Oh, no.

I was going to go to why you should work much harder right now.

Okay.

Over on marginal revolution.

Okay.

Before we get into the next piece, he says, if strong AI will lower the value of your human

capital, your current wage is relatively high compared to your future wage. That is an argument

for working harder now, at least if your current and pending pay can rise with greater effort,

not true for all jobs. If strong AI can at least potentially boost the value of your human

capital, you should be investing in learning AI skills right now, no need to fall behind on something

so important. You also might have the chance to use that money and buy into the proper capital

and land assets. So work harder. He should have put this into a course. I would follow this advice

if it cost me $999 in six installments. But because he's given away it for free, it can't actually

be that valuable kidding, of course. From Ricardo in the comments, suppose you're the best

maker of horse carriages in Belgium around the time the automobile is invented. You might want to take

on as many orders as possible for new carriages because you,

you know your future is precarious,

or maybe you get your hands on one of these newfangled automobiles

as soon as possible and learn how to fix them.

Both options require you to work harder,

but these seem to be the two best options available, paradoxical, but true.

That's a good take.

I like that.

A little bit of a white pill.

Never a bad idea to work harder.

Never a bad idea.

Should we go through this?

Yes, we should.

Critical infrastructure for the AI era.

unlock seamless real-time experiences, a new value with Cisco.

They are the makers of the AI software engineer, Devin.

Crush your backlog with your personal AI engineering team.

Where do you want to go next, Rudy?

How to lose the AI arms race.

Let's do it.

So investor Leopold Ashton Brenner is now famous for situational awareness,

his essay, predicted that major AI companies would end up functionally

as part of the government-led national security project,

possibly even nationalized.

Along related lines, economist Noah Smith recently asked a critical question if AI is a weapon, why don't we regulate it like one?

We already know, this is Tyler writing in the free press, thefp.com, we already know that the Pentagon has been using Anthropics Claude to interpret collected intelligence data and help plan the attacks in Iran.

Advanced AI can also be used for cyber attacks, enemy surveillance, and identification followed by missile or drone attacks, under most extreme scenarios, which may or may not be realistic advanced AIs

might design bio-weapons disable the nuclear weapons of an adversary by disrupting chains of command,

or perhaps design and build a scheme to knock missiles out of the sky.

Washington, D.C. is starting to ask very basic questions about what we are doing here.

Anthropic and the Department of Defense are at loggerheads over whether Anthropics AI should be banned from government work.

Senator Bernie Sanders recently raised a broader set of concerns calling for a moratorium on AI data centers

with the intention of slowing down progress in artificial intelligence models.

Circa 2026, neither nationalization nor an AI slowdown are feasible strategies for the United States.

We need to keep our lead both in military and civilian uses of the tech, and that requires a dynamic private sector

building our artificial intelligence models. Our federal government, working through the Manhattan

project, developed and built the first atomic bomb, but the strongest AI models are creatures of the private sector,

whether we like that fact or not. Even China, which is far more statist than the United States,

has seen its cutting-edge models built by companies, not the government.

The top AI models are far too complex and require too much high-paid talent,

including international talent, to be done well by governments.

Governments sometimes can succeed in building out massive hardware projects

with the space program being another example.

They are very, but there are very few cases of government succeeding with advanced software

on a large scale.

For that, you need private sector dominance.

There is no easy way to switch from that mode of,

organization, which includes salaries of tens of millions of dollars for top researchers, to a more

bureaucratic approach. An attempt to do so would destroy or take down those companies, thus thwarting

our standing in this new arms race. The general reality is this. We all benefit from living in

advanced civilization rather than eking out subsistence as our ancestors did. But there is part of this

bargain we have tended to ignore or take for granted. Now that human beings have developed

advanced technologies, we, the freer and better societies must commit to keeping the technological

lead. We have not stayed ahead in every area of tech, but we need to be able to protect ourselves

and our allies. It's a good thing that America built an atomic bomb before either Hitler or

Stalin did. To the extent you believe AI is important, is important for weaponry and national

security, that means we need to keep up the pace of progress. You might find that a slightly,

you might find that a slightly unpleasant thought, because even under positive

of an AI future, it will change our world a good deal. Nevertheless, it is a part of a technological

bargain we have been living with for a long time. Arguably, since the widespread deployment of

firearms or explosives, we seem to have been lulled into a state of stupor by the longstanding

technological dominance of the United States after World War II. In essence, we have to fight

and win yet another arms race. You can't blame AI for that. You can blame AI for that reality if you

want, but the re-emergence of competitive arms races was inevitable with or without AI.

You should redirect your ire toward modern history itself.

AI may have accelerated the world's new arms race, but there are many other technologies

that could play and may yet play a comparable role.

Space weapons, anyone?

How about lasers?

Our new types of hypersonic missiles, at least with AI, the U.S. currently holds the lead.

The creativity behind top AI models plays into our national strengths.

And he closes by saying, so today we need an odd complex, an odd and complex mix of not entirely

consistent ideologies for the current arms race to go well.

How about some tech accelerationism mixed with capitalism and then a prudent technocratic

approach to military procurement to make sure those advances serve national security ends?

On the precautionary side, we need a dash of 1960s and 70s, new left and libertarian

anti-war ideologies, skeptical of Uncle San Francisco.

himself we do not want to become the bad guys do you think we can pull that off the

new American challenge is underway inspiring I like this there's a there was a lot of

back and forth around the Anthropic Department of War debate and Dorcas had a great

piece on it and lots of people have chimed in now that like the dust has settled a

little bit and I think this is a is a good sort of nuanced take it doesn't it

doesn't boil itself down to a to a tweet just you

yet, but I think we are getting somewhere with the different trade-offs that are at stake.

What do you think, Tyler?

Yeah, this is good.

I mean, I think the whole thing that I basically got to when I wrote like the nationalization thing

was that like there's just this, there's pretty big scale, right, of like what actually

means to nationalize something.

There's like the Manhattan Project, which is like, okay, this is like full scale, top down,

everything is decided by one person and goes down the pyramid.

And then there's like the very, you know, kind of distributed like, oh, like, you

Intel is that nationalization.

I think I broadly agree.

Like, I don't think really, I don't think the Manhattan project is really the best way

to do this, right?

Because if you take, like, you know, target counsel thing is like, you know, state capacity

libertarianism, like, is the government like fully capable of continuing, you know, this

AI progress that we have right now?

Like would the U.S. stay in the lead if the whole thing is like, you know, set by the government?

Yeah.

It's unclear.

This is sort of what I was going back and forth with Carpon.

was like people have framed this as like a battle between Dario Amadeh and Pete Hegsa.

And I feel like we are a democracy.

And so like I would like more, more authority to be assigned to the individual American voter for a lot of these things.

You know, you have that joke about like, we got to talk about it.

We got to just talk about this.

Like, what are we going to do about AI?

It's like, well, like, we can actually vote on it.

Like, you can have a plan and then people can vote.

vote for it and and there are a bunch of different ways to exercise political will.

And it feels like there there is a trade-off, but we got to a good place with the nuclear

weapons one. And I do feel like I as a voter, I have a very small stake, one of 300,000,

you know, I guess I, I guess there's like 160 million people that vote in the national

election. But part of the national election is, you know, do you trust this particular person

to have the nuclear football, to have their finger, they're going to have their finger on the button.

They're like, well, let that sit with you before you cast your ballot. And it will be a continuation

of that. Like, this is the person that will decide AI policy. So vote according to that, right?

And I hope that there's more, more of a understanding that the American voter, the American citizen,

does have a huge stake in the AI future. And it's not just the, like, you know, the high

flying personalities that give speeches and podcast appearances. There is a lot more to the American

project than that. Well, there is a lot of news around Taiwan and what might happen over there.

We found an interesting Kalshi market that sort of tracks just general unrest in Taiwan.

So the question is, will the United States issue a level four travel advisory for Taiwan? That, of course,

would be a very, very bad news if that did happen. It's sitting at 46% before 28, January 1st,

51% before 2029, and 57% above for 2030. And so this is sort of a way to understand geopolitical

risk. Obviously, we hope that this calms down and this market goes to zero because we have

you send me that headline about increased activity around Taiwan. Yeah. Some of

Some of it was fake news.

Yeah, some of it, I think the reason that it triggered.

Really calling me out here.

Setting you fake news.

You're like, you actually fell for a viral hoax recently.

No, I mean, I looked at it and it was factually true.

It was just that the activity had dropped enough.

The increased activity looked like a really sharp growth, but it was just kind of normalizing.

Oh, okay.

Okay, interesting.

Well, we are certainly hoping for smooth sailing in the Taiwan Strait.

where your idea starts.

Figma make,

clog code,

codex or a sketch,

the Figma canvas

is where ideas connect

and products take shape

build in the right direction

with Figma.

ASML.

Burn Hobart,

funny posts here.

Yes,

ASML can't figure out

how to make money

from EUV machines

so they sell them to TSMC

but TSMC

can't figure out

how to make money

from chips so they sell

them to Apple.

Apple can't figure out

a profitable way to use iPhone

so they sell them

and there you go,

the profit.

it.

And anyways, Dr. Karim Carr is...

Someone saying...

Bear posting.

Yes, bare posting that they don't know how to make money from AI directly.

This is really...

It's such a funny criticism.

Because if they were...

I know exactly what you're going with this.

The criticism would be insane.

It would be like they created super intelligence.

And they're keeping it themselves.

Yeah, exactly.

Exactly.

The whole point is that every single person on Earth,

whether you pay for a plan or not,

can benefit from today's models.

Indeed.

Well, let's head over to META.

Build intelligent, real-time conversational agents,

reimagined human technology interaction with 11 labs.

So Nebius and META have agreed to a $27 billion AI infrastructure packed,

a deal.

The talks are advanced to packed stage.

Five-year deal, $27 billion to supply AI.

infrastructure capacity to Meta. Nebius has really been on tear, fascinating company,

formerly part of Yandex, spun out, independent now, publicly traded, and just one of the neoclads

that's figured out that Microsoft deal and now seems to be doing good work with Meta. So

Nebius said it will provide $12 billion of dedicated capacity across multiple locations. Meta will

also purchase up to $15 billion in additional capacity over the five-year period. These deals are

sort of squishy, but it doesn't matter because the people who actually need

know can underwrite them accordingly.

Nebius added that it will use large-scale deployments of NVIDIA's next generation

Vera Rubin AI infrastructure, which Jensen is surely talking about at GTC right now.

That's expected to be available in the second half of the year, and Nebius will begin

delivery of that capacity beginning early next year, which feels like a decade in AI timelines.

Why do you have the paper in front of your face?

The team earlier said I look like a third base coach.

So I'm covering up.

I'm covering up.

You don't want to let everyone know what play you're calling.

There you go.

Exactly.

There was some news Friday, late a rumor, or some reporting from Reuters.

Meta is planning sweeping layoffs that could affect 20% or more of the company.

Three sources familiar with the matter told Reuters,

as meta seeks to offset AI, infrastructure.

structure bets and prepare for greater efficiency brought by AI assisted workers.

How many employees does Meta have? I think it's like 60,000.

Something like that.

Let's figure it.

75,000?

Seventy-five thousand.

In June 30, 2025.

About the same number, yeah, 78,000 as of December 31, somewhere in the same range as

Salesforce.

And again, not super surprising.

stocks up around 2% today. I would expect this to pop even harder once these layoffs are actually

announced. Yeah. I mean, the advice is, you know, become aligned with the AI effort at meta.

Like, they're, you know, if these layoffs happen, they're clearly cutting part of the workforce,

but then they're also like acquiring and hiring all over the place, just more around AI. I mean,

We saw that today with the Manus announcement.

New naming meta, just call your product a computer.

Indeed.

We got Manus computer.

We got Perpetal computer.

No, no, no.

It's called My Computer.

Manus.

My computer by Manus.

My computer by Manus.

It works on mobile, works on your computer, Manus desktop.

But wait.

Again, this was going-

My computer is the core feature of the new Manus desktop app.

It's your AI agent.

Okay.

So, it's still called Manus.

direct competitor to Codex, ClaudeCode, Co-Work, and Microsoft Co-Work. At this point, everyone's

doing co-work, so maybe you just rip that. Yeah, so the reason I thought the Manus acquisition

was interesting at the time is people were positioning it as more of a talent acquisition.

Like, these are great product builders that figured out how to grow product super quickly. I think

at the time they sold, they were somewhere in the range of 100 to 200 million of run rate.

I was interested in it specifically because it seemed like Zuck was trying to take what they had built and actually just scale it,

not just roll them into working on ads or whatever other products.

So Tyler, please download my computer by Manus and play around with it and come back with a review.

So the top recommended action that they showcase here is organizing thousands of unsorted photos.

I'm not super into like organization for the sake of organization, but that does seem pretty useful.

I was taking photos on, on a, you know, an actual camera this weekend and had to transfer them from the camera to an iPad, then sort of scroll through them, favorite them, then share them over AirDrop.

And there is a cool, like, agentic workflow, which is basically actually download the Raws.

Some of them were a little bit over-exposed.

Some of them need a little bit of color grading.

And if I could have a workflow where Manus or some desktop agent opens every photo individually in Photoshop and tweaks it and does it intelligently and crops it ever so slightly and is like thoughtful about it, like that would definitely speed up my life.

Dodd says would trust OpenGlaw more than Manus after the meta acquisition with private data?

Yeah. Well, the Manus branding, the meta branding on this is so limited. I would be surprised

if people sort of, you know, if this goes broad, people wouldn't necessarily know that much.

I wonder if they'll do the Oculus thing and you'll have to like log in with Facebook at some point.

You can log in with Facebook. You can already. But you can also log in with normal, like email Google.

Yeah. I mean, that Manus before was, wasn't it a Chinese company? It was based in Singapore, but it was, you know,

like, like, rumored to be aligned with China.

And so...

I mean, not rumor.

They were building it in China.

Okay.

They bounced to Singapore because the optics were not good.

So, you know, as far as private data security goes, I think this is an upgrade, right?

It certainly feels like it.

Fund your wallet without exchanges or middlemen and spend with the Phantom card.

So the Oscars happened last night.

Jordy, just to get you up to speed,

the Oscars are an award show

that are put on by the Motion Picture

and Academy of Arts and Sciences.

Yeah, I saw someone on the ramp cap table

got an award.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Michael B. Jordan won Best actor,

and he won an Oscar for that.

Best investor.

Yeah, they should have a category for that.

But Timothy Shalameh is

getting taken to task

in the Financial Times over his views on opera and ballet, of all things.

The Financial Times writes, it's quite sweet, really.

So desperate are some people to get their knickers in a twist on the internet that in the face

of a lull in the culture wars, we have real wars now.

The only thing they have found to get outraged about recently relates to a man saying

nobody cares about ballet and opera anymore.

The man I refer to as Timothy Chalemay, a talented young actor who stars in the multi-austs.

nominated Marty Supreme, which had a very unfortunate showing at the Oscars.

I think they were nominated for nine awards and they didn't win anything.

And is your belief that it had to do with his comments disrespecting?

No.

Or it was just the people, the critics actually just said, hey, like, you know, fun movie.

I think in every category he was, Marty Supreme was up against like a Goliath.

Like it was a every fight was sort of a David and Goliath.

And there were just no upsets because he was going up.

against sinners and one battle after another, which were heavy favorites, I think, from the very

beginning, before these comments were made. So Timothy Shalem I was talking with a fellow actor,

Matthew McConaughey, at a town hall event organized by CNN and variety in February, but the

comments actually just got clipped and went viral recently. It was two week delay. The slicers over there

step it up. He said, I don't want to be working in ballet or opera or things where it's like,

hey, keep this thing alive, even though, like, no one cares about this anymore.

All respect to the ballet and opera people out there.

And then he said, distinctly disrespectfully, I just lost 14 cents in viewership.

Damn, I just took shots for no reason.

There is evidence of Chalemay showing, having made similar comments before, such as on the

Graham Norton show in 2019, when he called opera a, quote, outdated art form and at an event

the same year where he was worried that cinema would become like opera or ballet or something,

kind of a dying art form or something. He also, as many people, as many of those who claim

to feel so offended have pointed out, has close family connections to the world of classical

dance. His mother, grandmother, and sister all dance with the New York City Ballet. Wow.

And he has spoken out about growing up dreaming big backstage at the Coke Theater in New York

where the ballet performs.

As someone who tried to pursue a career in pop music

while my older sister,

this is the writer in the Financial Times,

my older sister pursued one in classical piano.

I would wager that he has been honing this particular attack

or perhaps defense line since adolescence.

So his apparent instant regret

his slip felt a bit disingenuous.

Are you an opera fan, ballet fan?

I like the opera.

Me too.

Although I actually haven't not been to the opera yet.

So it's hard for me to...

And I just think, like, there's a world where,

where, you know, the film and movie industry, like,

does become, like, opera and ballet,

but that's still, like, a beautiful thing with an amazing culture.

You've seen this in L.A. where I think a lot of movies are now releasing

only at these, like, kind of fancy theaters.

Yeah, Tarantino has one.

Chinese theater.

These kind of things where it's, like, much more, like, kind of upstage.

It's, like, a real event that you go to.

Yeah.

And, of course, it is, it is, like, you know, just technological disruption.

with social media, and there's a lot of other, like,

gyrations in the transition there.

But I'll tell you why I think this whole kerfuffle's happening.

Yeah.

Happened.

And as someone who doesn't really follow Hollywood,

doesn't follow film,

doesn't follow Timothy, Chalemay, et cetera,

I think what is happening is he came out with this new, like,

this new, like, it's okay to pursue greatness.

Yeah.

On the path to greatness.

Sure, sure, sure.

I'm trying to be the goat.

I'm trying to, you know, like coming out with this kind of like bravado.

Bravado.

Yeah.

And if you do that and it's like me, me, me, me, me, me.

Sure.

I'm trying to be the greatest.

Yeah.

And then you start just randomly taking shots at another art form where other people are

pursuing greatness.

Sure.

You just invite a lot of criticism.

Yeah.

Because I think like everyone's,

okay, I think, with somebody, like,

being on their own

personal pursuit of greatness, but if you're

doing that while trying to tear down

other art forms,

you're just going to invite

massive criticism. Yeah.

It does feel like he's sort of

collapsing, like,

market cap and, like,

tam of, like, yes,

the opera tam and the ballet tam

is smaller than film.

But it would be odd to be...

Let's play the actual...

It would...

Yeah.

Let's play.

For people here that are younger than me,

where people desire,

are desiring things that are more patient

and that pull you in.

I just saw another article

that says,

Gen Z is a bigger movie-going audience

than a millennial audience,

you know?

I feel like a fucking grandpa saying that.

No, but point being,

I think, even like Frankenstein,

which is like a hugely popular movie this year,

I didn't think that pacing was extraordinarily fast or anything,

but it pulled people in, you know.

But it does take you having to wave of flag

of,

hey, this is a serious movie or something.

And some people want to be entertaining quickly.

I'm really right in the middle, Matthew,

because I admire people and I've done it myself to go on a talk show.

Hey, we've got to keep movie theaters alive.

You know, we've got to keep this genre alive.

And another part of me feels like if people want to see it like Barbie,

like Oppenheimer, they're going to go see it and go out of their way

and be loud and proud about it.

And I don't want to be working in ballet or opera or, you know,

things where it's like, hey, keep this thing alive,

even though no one cares about this anymore.

All respect to this.

ballet and opera people out there.

I just lost 14 cents in viewership.

But, um,

crazy shots.

That's not a shot.

I hear what you're saying.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So.

But all,

yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

Yeah, I don't know.

It's, it's interesting.

I was thinking about, like,

if,

if, like, the creator of, like,

GTA 5, like, stood on stage and was just like,

we are,

times the size of the...

Baseball. But also

like the movie industry. Like the video

gaming industry has been basically

10 times the size of the movie

industry for...

You mean the movie theater business?

No, like Hollywood.

Gross. Yeah, totally.

I'm almost positive. Not 10 times

the size if you count streaming platform.

Yeah, maybe streaming. That includes

TV shows. And then do you

include mobile games or not? That's

a big question. But the

video game industry is definitely bigger.

Raghav in the Twitch chat from Deep says,

Nvidia CEO just said he sees one trillion in revenue through 2020.

That's a gong.

Bring down the gong.

Bring down the mallet.

And we have our next guest in the Restream Waiting Room.

Century shows developers what's broken and helps them fix it fast.

That's why 150,000 organizations use it to keep their apps working.

And we are joined by Kevin from Epic Gardening in the Restream Waiting.


---


Let's bring in the CBCKLG.

Kevin, how are you doing?

What's going on?

What's up, brothers?

How you doing it?

Good to see you, brother.

Thanks so much for taking the time to join the show.

First up, we got to talk about that tank.

Yeah, what's in the tank?

What's in the tank?

We've been talking about...

I'm breeding rare Costa Rican tree frogs in this tank.

No way.

Yeah, they're endangered.

Oh, they're in danger.

Okay, what else is special about a rare...

And you're planning to release them in all 50 states once you have enough?

This is the goal.

This is the goal.

We're always scam.

like over here. Yeah, of course.

I love it. Is it challenging? Like how much of your time is devoted to that particular tank?

Almost none. Almost none. I just need to make sure that they're fed. Yeah. That's cool. What do they

eat? Yeah. They eat crickets, which I'm breeding in that little tank right over there.

You can see that. Yeah. We're breeding the different trophic levels over here for sure.

Okay. Okay. And then and then do these frogs have use in your garden? Is it purely just for fun?

No, I'm just branching out to Flora or to Fauna now, I guess.

Yeah.

Here at Epic, you know?

Okay.

Well, first time in the show.

So I want to kick off with your backstory.

I want to know about the decision to start making content.

I feel like that's always an interesting origin story.

Like, when did you think, okay, I need to make content?

Dude, I mean, I'm an Internet OG.

So I was on GeoCities.

I was on Angel Fire back in the day.

I was on Angel Fire, too.

Yeah.

Anime tutorials, you know?

So I don't know what it is.

I think genetically, I'm designed to make content.

But for Epic, it was really a calling card for, remember when you used to design WordPress websites

back in the day?

Like when people actually paid for that service.

Yeah.

I used the blog as like a calling card or a digital business card for like designing websites

for local businesses and then just kind of kept plugging along with it and adding different

platforms.

And here we are today.

Yeah.

What about the first YouTube video?

Like what was the backstory?

behind choosing to go to YouTube, choosing to go to video.

It's a big lift for people if they're on substack

or they're a writer and they don't know

how they're going to do in front of camera.

First YouTube video was 2013, so it was a long time ago.

And ironically, back then, I mean, SEO and blogs

were kind of the thing.

And so for me, the first YouTube video,

maybe it's a second YouTube video,

you can see me using a screen recording app

reading a blog article, just literally reading the article.

And with the hopes that people would watch that video

and click the blog link, and I would make money off

of the advertising on the blog.

So it was a completely backwards logic to today, of course.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But then obviously discovered YouTube

is a far better platform, especially these days.

So what was the flow of traffic?

Over time, were you able to reroute blog viewers to YouTube?

Or did the algorithm eventually kick in?

Because you're pre-algo feed, right?

Yeah.

Yeah, I think so, right?

I mean, I think it was back then,

if you subscribe to a channel on YouTube, that subscription would just show up.

Yeah.

Which was a beautiful time.

But no, I think every platform, as you expand every platform, you think, like, okay, well, I can get someone from this one to that one.

It tends not to work.

You tend to have to just play each platform for what it is.

And so, like, YouTube became its own thing, Insta, all the other social media platforms have become their own thing now.

How do you think about, like, serializing content, creating through lines, like the initial formats?

It's like, what was the actual development of the playbook that you ran on YouTube?

On YouTube, I think in the early days, because I remember, like, I'm 13 years old as a YouTuber,

which is like two YouTuber lifespans.

I think one of years.

I think it lasts about six years or so.

And so back in the early days, it was just pure SEO, especially for a gardening channel.

It's like, hey, how do I grow basil?

How do I grow tomatoes?

How do I prune tomatoes?

Sure.

These days, those videos have all been made, either by me or someone else.

Sure.

And so we've had to come up with formats that work,

repeatedly over time. So for us, it's great. I mean, it's a very seasonal business. So in March,

what to plants in March? In April, what's it plans in April? Or, you know, in June,

how to take care of your garden in June, that kind of thing. And then also coming up with,

like, formats that are a little bit more high effort, but tend to do better, like garden makeovers

or garden tours where you actually have to go somewhere. Sure. But it's easy to kind of like

bulk those into a week and produce them. What did the journey look like of transitioning from

media into actually making products yourself because that is an idea that that is at least in

the venture world people talk about just a very obvious transition you just go from content to commerce

and yet there's actually so like few creators who have like made that transition well actually created

products that go on to have equity value i mean we we we've people bring up all the time

oh, you guys have this audience in tech, you should create, you know, software or various products for, for the audience.

And our answer has always been, look, if we do that, we're competing against someone in our audience who is spending 100% of their time on that, on that business.

And a sponsor.

Yeah, and they could be a sponsor.

But more so, like, I don't want to compete with someone in our audience that gets to spend 100% of their time on something when we can only spend like 10% of their time.

on it. Like, they're going to smoke us. But I think in what you're doing, like, very, very niche down.

And maybe the companies that you're competing with are not like, they can't go out and get $100 million

of funding necessarily right away. But talk about that transition and how it's evolved.

Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think up until 2019, Epic was just media business. And that's it. And it would be

Google ads. It'd be YouTube ads and maybe some brand stuff here and there. And I think in 2019, we did.

out of just that pool, a quarter million in revenue.

And then that was the year I decided to do product.

And so the whole logic being, I can't really control any of those three streams of income.

Like, traffic goes down for one reason or another.

All of those go down commensurately.

And so I thought, okay, well, what can I sell?

And the beauty of having content is that you kind of get like a prevalidation engine

for what you might want to put out there.

And so there was this raised bed that I had.

It's just like a metal garden bed that had been sent to me.

And I was like, this is the thing I get asked the most about.

So I'll figure out how to sell it.

I didn't even know who gave it to me initially.

So I tracked down the manufacturer's Australian company.

And I just kept emailing them every quarter.

I was like, can I sell this?

Can I sell this?

They said, no, no, no, no, no.

They eventually said yes.

I think I had 70 grand in the business bank account.

I spent 40 on a shipping container.

I knew nothing about ecom.

So what I thought I would do is this is the most crazy stupid ecom logic of all time.

But what I thought I would do is bring it into the port of San Diego,

which does not take containers.

So that that was already a no-go.

It goes into the port of Long Beach.

I thought I was going to go up and get it, like me at the port, driving the container down.

I have a container here.

I'm just picking up.

Yeah, just like hauling it down.

And then I was looking into Costco self-storage to like rent that, unload the container,

and like get like some sort of satellite internet to print the orders.

And I talked to a couple friends and they were like,

yeah, have you heard of a third-party logistics company?

Just ship it there.

And, you know, just so stupid.

But that's how little I knew at the time.

And so what happened is made the order, got it on the water.

got it on the water, made an Instagram story and said,

hey, all these beds you guys keep asking about,

they're here now.

I have 550 of them.

They sold out in two days,

used that cash to buy another container.

Sold out that out in two days.

So by the end of the year,

I think we did quarter mill in just that.

So the business doubled.

And then, of course,

setting that up before the global pandemic was insane.

So we went from 500 to like 2.8 million to 7.1 million the next year

and then raise a series A.

But yeah, I mean, immediately I was like, oh, this is obviously the actual revenue driver behind this business, at least, which I agree.

Like a lot of media businesses don't have that easy plug-in.

Yep, totally.

Yeah.

What was the team like before and after this transition?

Did you have to hire business people?

How did you feel your role was changing?

I mean, we've had Doug DeMiro on the show a few times.

And he was like very happy to hire a CEO to sort of run cars and bids and go back into content mode, do podcasts, which grew at times.

But every creator has sort of as different journey as they evolved the business.

Yeah.

It's so weird because I run into Doug all the time at the coffee shop down the street.

And we share the same investors.

But yeah, so up until 2021 at tail end is when I raised a series A.

It was me or contractors.

So it was me, a writer, and an assistant.

And that was it.

And we did about $7.5 million that year, mostly product sales at that point.

So it was like way.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, so you have four contractors, but all those contractors are on the content side, but mostly.

Yeah, so I was doing all the commerce stuff.

So you have like, but your single product at this point, you just made the bed.

It was single products.

I'm just going to sell.

I made, and you didn't have to develop the, I'm sure you made changes.

I didn't make the product.

I mean, that's the biggest thing here is I did not make that product.

You're living the drop shipping dream.

Yeah.

Like literally the thing that everybody gets sold and then it doesn't actually work.

Yeah.

It was crazy level drop shipping.

I guess you could say, except for, I mean, I owned the inventory. I brought it in. I had a 3PL. So it wasn't true drop shipping. It's just that I didn't invent the product. It was a distributor relationship. Eventually, of course, we've started inventing products. And we scaled, I think, from December 21 to December 22 from four people to about 90. Because we used some of the funding to buy a seed company that had 60 people. So, yeah, that was a pretty crazy transition. And talk about that the buy versus bill decision on the,

on the seed side, because I'm sure you had opportunities to do both.

Right.

So with seed, it's almost always going to be a buy because the infrastructure to actually

acquire seed, we sell almost 800 varieties of seed, vegetables, flowers, herbs.

It's nearly impossible to scale that really quickly.

If they have, like, buyers' relationships, the buy orders are out a couple years.

You need, like, pretty specific infrastructure to actually, like, germinate and test those seeds

to pack them appropriately.

I think there's like three or four companies maybe that sell the packing machines and they're all in like Germany.

So some German guy will fly over and like fix a machine for you.

So yeah, I mean, and plus let alone like we bought the brand of this of seed that actually started gardening with back in the day.

So there's like a heritage sort of story angle there that worked out really well.

Yeah.

What about the like your role shifting as you bring in those 60 new people?

I imagine that they had a leadership team at a company of that scale.

How are you interfacing with them?

What does your role look like then?

Yeah.

I mean, the first year or two was like all out madness.

It was like whatever I could do at any point in time.

So like still be the face of the content and architect that.

But, you know, hiring, scaling, all sorts of ops types of decisions.

Now we have a president similar to Doug set up, which is extremely, extremely helpful.

He's ex-chief growth officer at GameStop back in those crazy days.

So he's got some pretty wild stories.

Yeah.

And with the seed brand, the founders wanted to leave.

And so we had like this little holdover position for them.

And she kind of coached our leader in.

And they were just ready to go.

And we can always call on them if we need them, but we don't really anymore.

Yeah.

That's great.

Talk to me about seeds as a particularly good e-commerce business.

I imagine like when I think about the worst e-commerce brand, it would be like, I sell a gallon of water.

You know, it costs $20 to ship it and people buy it for a dollar.

And it's low margin.

Low margin.

Seeds, it feels like great e-commerce product that maybe people just needed to be educated

about, but was that your experience?

And what was it like actually scaling up?

Yeah, I mean, I think like those original products that raised beds, like I didn't have

to invent them, right, which is great.

But by every other metric, they're not a good Econ product.

Totally.

The lightest one is 20 pounds.

The heaviest one is 60 pounds.

And then you're charged on dimensional weight of the shipping as well.

And at the time, my 3PL was out of like 1,000 Oaks.

So I'm shipping from SoCal to the whole country, a 60 pound box, which is just terrible.

The beauty of that time is that I was charging shipping, which is kind of unheard of these days.

And I had no customer acquisition costs.

My customer acquisition cost was actually negative because I was getting paid to make my YouTube videos.

You know what I mean?

And that's what was selling it.

And so I remember back in those times pre-funding, let's say, kind of like laughing at all the D to C

e-com bros because I was like, you're running paid ads, like, you're such a cloud. And now I'm like,

okay, I understand the model a little better. But yeah, I mean, once we got the seed brand,

that's a primarily wholesale business. And so when we looked at it, I would say about 15, 20% of the

revenue was direct to consumer and they had not focused on it. And so we've tripled D to C just by

saying we own the business, basically. We haven't done like a crazy amount of improvements as far

as like D2C goes. We just we just actually paid attention to it and plugged into content.

But you're right. Yeah, the gross margin.

on seeds is quite good relative to everything else in the gardening space.

Yeah. How do you think about the transition from, I mean, it sounds like you're actually

doing the backwards transition, most of like the D to C bros start online and then eventually

they realize that, okay, well, I found the efficient frontier of Cactel TV on meta and Google.

Now it's time to go into retail and then the whole company needs to pivot. They need to hire

retail salespeople. Are you going, are you going in one direction or both directions?

I've always wondered about the retail set of the business.

Yeah.

Yeah, I mean, I think the logic of, the seed brand logic to me,

I think there needs to be like a first order logic of buying something,

and that needs to be true.

And then the second orders can be, like, very beneficial and may or may not play out.

For me, the logic was like what we just talked about.

The seed margins are very good, and it's actually the only item in gardening you literally

need every year.

Every other thing you technically could get away with not buying again, like a raised bed

or something like that.

And so there's a repeatable addition to our business that we now have.

have. But yeah, I mean, the sort of like second order thoughts of buying the seed brand was,

can I introduce the raised beds, these seed trays that we developed to the wholesale network?

Because that is very, very hard to build out. We're in 75% of all independent nurseries in

the country, which it would be different if like we had Home Depot or Target or something

and we could just say take this line. Instead, we have reps that can go out to like 5,000 stores

and say, do you want this line? Which if we can get penetration on like some of those harder goods,

then that's a huge benefit that could play out for us.

I have this thesis about creators that launch products is that they typically underrate

the number of B2B buyers in their audiences.

And you might think, okay, I'm selling a protein shake.

I'll sell it to the consumer.

But you might have literally someone whose job is to buy the next protein shake who works

at Target or Walmart.

And they might be familiar with you.

Have you had any of those experiences?

Has that been advantageous or is this a unique, unique industry?

It's actually really weird because the advantages you get, let's say, in like, prevalidating

a new product you might launch by teasing it in content and sort of seeing early demand,

you actually get that to some degree with the wholesale relationships.

Like we're in about 1,300 Petco's now.

And I would say the sole reason is because the major buyer at Petco has just been an epic fan

for a long time.

So we were warmed up, you know.

I don't have to go chase that down and prove it out.

we're talking to Walmart for some stuff.

Hopefully that comes to be, but it's a similar sort of way that relationship started, too.

So I think like the content angle, if you can convert it, you have some interesting doors like kind of automatically open.

Do you think you have the most AI-proof business in the world?

Because we talk about like, one, you're obviously not like trying to sell like, you know, vertical software.

But two, even, you know, the Satrini piece pointed out that there's a lot of like AI-proof

businesses where if demand gets destroyed because your buyer is no longer making 250K a year to do

some email job, like your business might be fine, but maybe there's less demand. But I feel like

even in these like AI doomsday scenarios, like I probably, you know, if I, you know,

lose my job, I still probably want some seeds and put them in the ground. I saw that anthropic

piece that came out saying like which, which industries are the most vulnerable. And I saw groundskeeping at a

near zero, near zero, which is, you know, a gardening is just a, you know, a recreational version of

groundskeeping. So I think we're fine. Yeah. Yeah. How are you, how are you using AI? How are people using

AI in gardens? Like I can imagine taking a picture of something happening in your garden and just being like,

how do I fix this? Like a lot of, a lot of ways that, that it could be very useful. And we have that. Yeah, we have that.

So what we did is we launched this membership program that comes with commercial benefits.

You get like 10% off the store, free shipping, free returns, which is great if you want to buy like a couple seeds here and there.

And then we paired that with an educational sort of side because we have more or less the biggest gardening audience on any of the platforms.

So we trained the model just on our own internal content and then like licensed databases of let's say plant facts or weather or something like that.

And so if you ask it a question or send it a picture, it'll give you the answer that the closest answer,

you could get to what we would actually say, not just like what GPT or Claude might say.

And then it'll kind of funnel you to live support if you want it.

So you can get actual humans too.

So it's kind of like a two-tier thing.

And then we're just using it along with anyone else,

how you'd use it inside of a company for operations and stuff like that.

What about on the content side?

Are you finding it useful for scripting or thumbnail development or prototyping or sort of like layout,

anything there?

I think it's good.

John, it's game changer.

It's getting changed.

Yeah, I mean, I think it's like the way we try to use it for content is like you're really good first draft that you would normally have to spend however long to script out.

The beauty of gardening, I think, is it so bespoke to like a particular individual's approach or particular geography that AI is not really crushing that right now, nor do I really want it to be.

But it's really good for first drafting a lot of different things in content.

Yeah.

Yeah.

How do you recommend I fall in love with gardening?

I grew up.

My parents basically forced me to do a lot of weeding, a lot of mowing, a lot of just random stuff around our yard.

I had bad allergies at the time, so I would come out of that.

It would be, like, destroyed.

And so I've had zero desire to get into gardening as an adult, but I feel like I just got to find the right wedge products.

So is it, you know, raspberries, tomatoes?

Look, I mean, if you pick the crop that you are the most excited to eat and cook with, and you grow that, you know.

So if it's tomatoes, I mean, I'll send the technology brothers a bed and some seeds, no problem.

Fantastic. I love it. Yeah.

No, happy to support. You just tell us, tell us what to get.

Yeah. How are you thinking about the interaction between the creator economy, YouTube content, and Hollywood.

We've seen like, you know, Mr. Beasts is all over Amazon Prime now.

I could imagine you doing content with more legacy institutions.

What's your philosophy around those distribution channels?

You know, so the two things we've done that are kind of tasting that world is we have a Samsung

fast channel now that we've licensed 200 hours, hopefully more soon.

And then we just launched last week an eight episode series on Home Depot's YouTube channel.

Cool.

So kind of like a co-producing.

series. Not a show, like not on streaming, but that's coming around too. I think, I don't know. I mean,

I think that if you're Jimmy and you can get a massive check to do something on Prime, like,

why would you not? Right. But a lot of us on the smaller scale or like maybe industry-wide big,

but not like global big, the fast channel deals are looking really good right now. The sort of shows,

if you can brand a, even if it's just a YouTube series as a show versus just like a video or a series

of videos, it seems to be pretty palatable to advertisers these days.

That's good.

Which is kind of interesting because, like, fundamentally, it's just a list of videos.

There's nothing really different about it.

But if you call it a show, like Michelle Carrey Challenge Accepted.

I don't know if you know her.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

That is very much like a show on YouTube.

And it plays really well for those types of networks.

Yeah.

Yeah.

And eventually you have the seasonal element that you were saying, like eventually you can be like,

here's 100 hours of just April focused gardening content.

And that's like, that's super powerful because the content is evergreen that the plants and the earth and all these things aren't changing.

Yeah.

Really.

Uh, in any sort of meaningful way year over year.

That's such a funny mind shift because I don't know if you've had this experience, but it feels like playlists on YouTube, like never really got what they deserve.

Did you feel that way too, right?

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, playlists like maybe back in the early days, you would like crank through a let's play video game series or something like that.

You just let the playlist run.

Exactly.

These days, I told the team, actually, I was like, look at every playlist we have, prune them down, and then like bucket them into more conceptual shows rather than like, this is my grow tomatoes playlist. It's more like, you know, so that's what we're trying to do right now.

Yeah, like with Doug, you'll see like, you know, car reviews or like listicles and like it's more the structure. But yeah, like you could imagine. There's also the question of like how set up is Hollywood to work with someone like you? Because if, if,

even if they're like, yes, like, we want you to do a full season on HGTV,

but we're going to need to pull you away from everything else for,

and I think the corridor crew guys went through this a little bit,

where like the numbers just never matched up,

like they would get bigger,

and then Hollywood would get more interested,

but then the opportunity cost of taking six months off

to do a real Hollywood movie.

Dude, this happened to me.

This happened to me in the pandemic.

So 2020, it was June 2020.

I did a deal with Chip and Joanna Gaines' then burgeoning network Magnolia.

I think they were taking over.

DIY at the time. And it was supposed to be this transformation show. You go back, you have this

beautiful sort of thing. And obviously, the pandemic kind of hampered that. I had just bought a house.

So I pitched this idea of, I'll just build out this house. And we'll show you and we'll go through

the. So it was like 45 days straight of hardcore filming, like 10, 10 plus hours a day trying to get

this done because there's a skeleton crew. And 2020, of course, was the year, I think we started that year

at 180K on YouTube. I ended that year at over a million plus another channel almost a

100k. And so if I take those 45 days and just calculate, let's say I was making, call it even

just 15 more videos. It would have been not only more money straight up, but more sort of

brand value to the business to just make the YouTube videos. And I think that's what all the

creators are running into. Yeah. Yeah. Have you, have you ever gotten tempted to do any of the,

like selling the actual end product? There's been a number of venture backed companies that are

like, you know, trying to make the perfect strawberry or any of these kind of vertical farming

things. I always wanted somebody to do one of those like one of those like um, like,

a butcher's box style thing, but give me a live video feed from the ranch so you can actually,

you know, if you have this like real time 24 seven idyllic ranch and then, and then you're,

you're able to like, you know, low tam there, but. I mean, look, like, it's hard enough

shipping seeds around the world and shipping hard goods that don't expire. I can't imagine how

harder would be doing perishables. I would never want to do it, honestly. Yeah. Yeah. How are you thinking about

product expansion? You know, if you go to the nursery, there's so much there. There's certain things

that you're equipped for, you're operationally set up for, and there's other stuff that's maybe

better content you know could, could, you know, be marketed, but it might be an operational

challenge. How do you assess, like, new... Rome hearts, epic gardening wheelbarrow.

I would do it. I would do it, honestly. Yeah, sure, why not? You know what?

That's awesome.

I mean, look, like, for us, there's a lot of room to run and seed.

Yeah.

There's, there's like tens of thousands of stores we're not in just on our botanical interest

line.

We launched an epic gardening line, which is like a guaranteed to work sort of beginners line.

Maybe that goes through to big box because two thirds of gardeners spend their first dollar

at a big box.

We're not in any of them.

And the mission of company is to help people grow anywhere they are.

So if that's where they walk in, we want to be there in some way.

So I think you can run this business quite a bit further just on seed alone.

And then we're architecting the rest of the product strategy around that.

So our second best-selling line of products is seed-starting trays and equipment and lighting.

And then from there, it's raised beds.

I think we probably do something in soil or fertilizers next.

But again, like, do we own a fertilizer and soil mixing facility?

No.

And like, do we just want a white label?

How?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, on fertilizer is the fertilizer broader global fertilizer crisis because of the straight?

Is that going to trickle down?

to everyday gardeners or they're not, it doesn't really matter for them if they're, if the price

even were to go 2x, they still don't need enough product.

It probably is fine for us.

I don't know.

I mean, I think it's way more a problem for like industrial agriculture.

I think for us, we're probably fine.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Very cool.

Well, what about tools?

Linus Tech Tips has a screwdriver.

I know.

Yeah.

I was just hanging with their CEO.

And I don't know.

You might even see an LTT.

collab at some point that'd be great yeah yeah he's the king of clubs well thank you so much for taking

the time great to finally meet you absolutely love congrats on all the progress

everything that you're doing and uh saying hello to doug jamira this year i'll give i'll give

gardening another shot i want to see it we're amazing now that now that we have a kevin

yeah i'll hook you guys up don't worry about it i got you fantastic you're the main talk to soon

go to restream.com.

And I believe we have our next guest already

in the Restream Reading Room. Paul Clingham

is the dog healer.

And now he's in the TV pin ultram.

Paul, how are you doing?

How's it going, Jess? What's happening?

It's going fantastic.

It's going great.

I don't know if it's early or late for you, but thank you.

Or is it shockingly early?

The sun is just rising.

Okay. There we are rising. Well, we appreciate you

getting up early to come chat with us.

Why don't you take us through some of the

some of your backstory, your history, I feel like you have a very interesting career that led up to this moment.

And then we'll go into the actual story and process of what went viral over the weekend.

Sure. I've been doing machine learning since about 2009.

Went to full time about 2015. I ran the Sydney Machine Learning Meetup group here for six-ish years.

I worked with Shultor and Tristan on a robotic arm project.

And yeah, yeah.

The Sydney Mafia.

Oh, yeah.

The Sydney Mafia.

I forgot.

Yeah, that makes sense that you did it over there.

Not, not, not you weren't in the States for that project.

That's fun.

Yeah, correct.

Yeah.

That's great.

Very cool.

And so, yeah, take us through the story of, I actually lost this in the story.

Like, when did you find out that your dog was suffering from cancer?

What was the initial process?

At what point did you leave the traditional veterinarian system?

Sure.

So what actually happened, the pre-story was Rose had some, like, skin rashes appear on his skin.

I took to the vet, and he misdiagnosed it for three times for about 11.

months. So over a period of 11 months, took it to the vet, was misdiagnosed. And on the third time,

it started bleeding. So I decided to have the tumors removed. And that's when it came back as cancer.

Unfortunately, tried really hard to have additional surgery just to remove as much cancer as possible

and to like essentially try to live at the stem. And because it had been misdiagnosed for so long,

One of the tumors that got so large that it wrapped around her leg and we weren't on,

there's just not enough skin to, like, close it.

Oh.

So that's when I kind of realized we needed to do, try different options.

Sure.

And then tried, put it on chemotherapy.

But none of the traditional stuff was essentially like stopping it.

It was continuing to grow.

Okay.

Okay.

And then so, so when do you actually first go to AI tooling?

Do you start at a very high level?

just sort of asking about dog cancer broadly?

Like, at what level did you come into the conversation with AI,

just understanding the capabilities?

Well, I knew about AlphaFold from the AlphaGo days.

So it was the progression technology.

And I just decided to chat GPT one day in November 2024,

like come up with you.

come up with a plan how we can potentially make a drug to block this cancer. I didn't really

know anything about cancer at the stage. I was just going through the process of trying to figure

it all out. Yeah. Yeah. And so what happens next? Who do you actually call to, because at some point,

you know, it is just text in a box in an app or a website. At what point do you need to go back

into the real world to advance the next step? I imagine that chat, GPT, at one point,

tells you like, okay, well, we'll need the DNA sequence,

and we can't get that just from a text box.

So where do you go next?

Yes, so correct.

So the first actual piece of data we needed

was the DNA sequencing.

Yeah.

And yeah, Chatsabitie recommended to reach out to Professor Martin

as, you know, Stelbue.

It provided three other people,

but it was like, it gave all the reason.

This is the reason why you should reach out

to Professor Martin.

That's remarkable.

And through a mutual friend here in Sydney,

I was connected to Professor Martin, and he was very receptive to just taking it on.

Extremely receptive, yeah.

And so at some point, you walk me through, you know, for those who are familiar with 23

and me, it's a saliva swab, what's the actual process for getting a dog's DNA sequenced,

and then what's the file type that comes back?

Do you just get a text file?

So this is considerably more advanced than 23MMe.

it is like we have, I have Rose's entire genome on my, on an external hard drive I bought.

Wow.

So the process to submit the RNA sequencing was quite cumbersome, so filling out spreadsheets and stuff to submit.

But what came back two weeks later was 300 gigabytes of data.

Wow.

Yeah, and had to push through that, yeah.

And so, and so at this point, you're not just dragging that file into a,

consumer chat bot at this point.

You're starting to build custom pipelines, correct?

Yeah, correct.

So, again, I use chat to BT.

I use Gemini and I use GROC.

Yeah.

I'm simply switching between the two.

And, yeah, built out the pipeline to essentially go through the steps of

computational pipeline to get to the mutationally to sort of see what's causing the

the cancer, the root cause.

And did you actually use AlphaFold?

Is there like an open source package that you can download and run?

Yeah, yeah.

We use AlphaFold too.

Okay.

So from the literature and from also additional LLM sessions,

I find out that there's a gene called C kit that is one of the primary drivers for

Rosie's cancer.

And what we essentially did was take her healthy DNA.

So we sequenced her healthy DNA and we sequenced her cancer DNA,

prepared them side by side, brought like a genetic diff between the two.

And then focused in on like the secret gene, pulled it out, modeled it in alpha fold.

And I used two different techniques to essentially look for drugs to try, block the cancer.

One was genetic algorithms, so ran genetic algorithms, and we actually came up with a unique chemical compound that could block it.

But the reason I didn't pursue that is because I actually talked to a chemist about having it made.

But the problem with that is you have to go through the steps of, you know, first doing it in like in a test tube, then moving to mouse models and moving on further.

So that's too complicated.

And yeah, the other technique was docking.

We docked a whole bunch of these chemical compounds for ligands

through the alpha-fold 3D structure of C-Kid and mutase mutated secret

and essentially discovered a drug that was very, very strong at blocking it.

But unfortunately, the drug is owned by a major U.S. international company.

I reached out to them for compassionate use, and they politely declined, which is fair enough.

But there's a second part of awful we used later in the pipeline, but that is kind of the start of the journey.

And around this time was about June 2025, and I went through all of that.

It really took the wind out of my sales, because I tried to.

everything I tried like to see if I could synthesize it. I tried to see if I could like get

hold of a pre-existing chemical. And yeah, one day I was walking rosy down the street and I realized

maybe I'm actually close to making a vaccine myself and got back on chat GPT and like

typed away and it said, yeah, you know, you're halfway there. You've already done the DNA

sequence saying these are the next steps you need to do. That's amazing. So so back to the lab. You did

mention we at this point. So I imagine you've looped in friends, colleagues, like, who is around

you on this project at this point? It's myself, and I run a small AI consulting firm here in

Sydney. Yeah. Yeah. So I kind of worked at it in part-time for about two hours every day.

Wow. Yeah. It's remarkable. So back to the lab, and they wind up finally making the drug?

Yeah, so that was a process in of itself.

Went through and did the design of the vaccine construct and pushed, I literally emailed it over to the MRNA Institute at UNSW.

It was like half a page of text.

And the major blocker was actually getting an ethics approval because you can't just go and make an MRI vaccine in your garage.

They don't let you do that in Australia.

So I'd been notified that I had to print an ethics approval.

And again, I spent, I don't know, that was three months of my life creating that.

And it got to a point where we were actually going to have to modify the university's license with the government

because the vaccine was going to be administered off-site.

So the ethics approval would have only been approved in June this year.

So through a connection in America in Seattle, I was connected to Professor Mary Mayida.

I don't know how to pronounce this surname.

And she is like the preeminent teenine cancer person on planet Earth.

She connected me to someone in a professor in Queensland, which is a state that's about a thousand kilometers.

I'm not sure that is in miles.

north of here, I was talking, chatting to her, and then I was just saying, like, I'm having trouble with ethics approvals.

And she said, oh, I actually have an ethics approval with the government for that specific type of novel immunotherapies.

And, you know, I'm happy to take you under my wing.

I just played it completely cool.

I was like, oh, yeah, cool.

But I actually, like, I was jumping up and down.

That's amazing.

Inside my head.

That's remarkable.

Oh, that's so cool.

So, yeah.

Yeah, so once we got the green light to do that, it all sort of like lined up in parallel.

I drove Rose up to Queensland.

We did the induction phase of the vaccine.

And then just sort of waited to see the results.

And so, yeah, cancer is like a long fight, but it seems like there's at least some really positive signals, something like a 50% decrease in the same.

size of the tumors. Is that roughly correct?

Like, how are you measuring progress these days?

Okay.

There's been a lot of talk about that.

So obviously the visual,

the best

like trait is

the reduction in the cancer size.

Yeah.

We also took blood work,

which is going to be published in a paper

later this year.

And

just continuing to visually monitor her tumors essentially.

Yeah, that's great.

So where do you think this goes next?

Obviously, there's a lot of attention.

Some people are saying, oh, maybe you'll launch a startup around this concept or try and democratize biotech further.

Do you want to just continue the story in some way, or is it back to work as usual?

I think, like, the process itself was way too hard.

And I think there's room to make it much, much, much easier for not just people like me, but everyone.

Yeah.

Yeah.

So I think there's definitely room.

I even know I could probably do the pipeline now in maybe four to six weeks.

Okay.

And that's important because the foster you can do the pipeline, cancer is constantly mutating.

So if you can run the pipeline fast, if you can up run the speed of the mutation, you can essentially expand it down.

Yeah.

So talk about the long pole in the tent.

I imagine that just sequencing DNA takes time, actually producing a chemical or synthesizing the actual vaccine, producing the product takes time.

It sounded like ethics waivers and the approvals also took time.

But some of those can be shortened.

Some of those are going to be harder to shorten.

Where's the biggest opportunity that you see to speed up?

that cycle time?

The computational pipeline itself can be sped up.

The sequencing can be sped up.

Sequencing is getting better and better every six months.

It's like on a double exponential.

Whoa.

I had no idea.

Then this could probably do the vaccine itself manufacturer, Foster.

And then ethics as well.

I think there's definitely, that's probably the biggest room for improvement right there, to be honest.

Like, yeah, I think for sure.

And I think that's going to be a story that we'll see in a bunch of other use cases and categories

where, like, the technology is advancing faster than the society in our legal system can

even adapt.

But what I just love about this story as amazing as it is the role that Chad Chabutee and these

other LMs played in this process, it really is a story of your just, like, insane, determine

and agency and high effort over such a long period of time to save your dog.

And it's just incredibly admirable.

I love it.

And I hope that many, many more people hear about this story.

I'm sure some documentary crews and things like that have reached out.

But it's really, really special.

Well, thank you so much for taking the time.

Yeah, it's great to meet you.

Keep us posted.

Send us your progress when you put out the paper later this year, come back on.

And we're sending our prayers to Rosie.

Yes.

And it's all as you can see it over there.

Oh, there we go.

Little air horn.

Airhorn.

Well, thank you so much.

Incredible stuff.

To come chat with us, Paul.

Yeah, great to meet you, Paul.

Have a great rest of your day.

Cheers, yes.

We'll talk to you some.

Bye, bye, bye.

Goodbye.

Shopping is the commerce platform.

with your business and lets you sell in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social, on marketplaces,

and now with AI agents. The US Army Awards and Rural Industries a contract with a total value

of as much as $20 billion to buy the Defense Tech startups, software, hardware, and services.

Is that good?

Just put this into context.

Steven's really good. It seems really good. I actually, I don't know where the revenues are,

but I feel like this is a significant jump up.

And folks in the comments are asking, when IPO?

It is still private, but people are getting excited.

And of course, the team over there,

most of which, almost all of them have been on the show,

are doing a fantastic job.

So congratulations to them.

There's never been a better time in history to be a shrimp.

Are you familiar with this, Tyler?

Of course, yeah.

So Anthropics founders and employees are about to get a lot of cash.

Anthropic is at over $330 billion in valuation.

I think I saw rumors that secondaries were trading at almost twice that.

Obviously, the company's on an absolute tear.

Revenues up into the right.

They're doing very well.

Many of the employees and founders have pledged to give away

huge amounts of that cash, but where's it going to go?

And people are wondering about if it goes to a nonprofit,

what is the nonprofit going to do?

And, of course, the joke is shrimp.

Yeah, I believe that there was some something where

if you say that you're going to like

give a left of charity,

your cop is actually much in case

as like 1.5 or something. Yeah, you could get a multiplier.

Which is cool. I do

wonder, you know, the shrimp thing

obviously is a joke, but it will

be interesting to see where the

nonprofits go. There's been a lot of talk

about mosquito nets for a long time.

There's been talks about, you know, previous

tech booms have created non-profit

funding booms, a lot focused on

health and wellness and development

and all sorts of different stuff.

I would like to see a nonprofit that builds data centers.

I think that would be sort of if I had excess money, that's what I would put it towards.

A Dyson sphere.

Dyson sphere, yes.

An anthropic, maybe an anthropic that's structured like a hedge fund and it can like trade.

Because the public good that it would be delivering is like stronger price signals to the market.

And it would be creating more efficient markets.

More efficient markets is, I mean, everyone benefits.

It's public good.

Everyone benefits.

Seriously, yes.

And so maybe on like a microsecond or millisecond basis, that could be the job of the nonprofit

would be just to create more aligned price incentives.

That could be good.

Also just like buying companies out, like private equity style, loading them up with that.

That could be another option for a nonprofit.

LBOs.

I think LBOs, I mean, there's an option there.

I actually have no idea what you can do.

Many of the software LBOs from that 2018 to 2022.

are already effectively going to be nonprofit endeavors.

I mean, there is a question about, like, you know, a lot of the, you know, the ruthless business

people, they'll say like, yeah, I make a lot of money, but I do it for the love of the game.

And I'm like, we're about to find out because do you, do you go work for the nonprofit then

that does LBOs?

Do you go work for the nonprofit high-furgency trading firm?

Put your money where your mouth is.

Actually, put the no money where your mouth is if you've been saying that you do it for the

lack of money.

But the lack of money where your mouth is.

Anthropic is hiring a national.

security policy lead. Okay. And Alexander McCoy says L.O.L. No kidding.

It is time for that. Although, why are they headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area?

You got to set up the D.C. office, folks. If you're going...

They're like, D.C. comes to us. Yeah. Or do the Jensen thing and fly around. Go all over the

world. Talking to world leaders. That is the way to...

Tersepetide. We'll do 45 billion in global sales this year.

That is so much higher than I thought.

Global iPhone sales would likely be $230 billion this year for perspective.

Yes, peptides are popular, especially the rigorously tested FDA-approved kind.

Yeah, huge, huge numbers.

I feel like pharma needed a win.

So semi-glutal.

Big pharma.

Then big pharma, low-key had been getting kind of hose.

It had been.

And biotech broadly.

I mean, we've had biotech investors come on here and be like, I don't know why you'd invest in biotech.

This is absolutely garbage, but I'm doing it.

They were doing it just for the love of the game, basically.

I mean, with biotech like, there's a very, very, very straight line to helping people live healthier lives.

Semaglutide sales, which is Ozempic and Wagovi, which you might be more familiar with than terseptide, which is sort of the next gen semaglutide.

And then there is RETA, which is the popular one in San Francisco.

that is the third gen peptide for a bunch of things, but weight loss is the one that people know.

Semiglutide is projected to remain high, but potentially declined in 2026 with estimates for revenue

hovering between 36 and 39 billion. So that is a huge, huge market. Those are AI lab numbers for

revenue. And the margins are great too. These things, I mean, the huge R&D budget, huge R&D cost,

But once the manufacturing plant is up and running and the demand is there, of course, you have to move through insurance.

There's a bunch of other dynamics.

But what a remarkable business.

There's someone over on Reddit that said, funny story about Reda.

Basically, he injected himself with Reda Trutide, but he didn't take the cap off.

I don't understand that.

So these peptides, they come in.

a plastic shell device that has a needle inside of it. And then you, you press the pen against your

skin, I believe. And when you click it, it shoots the needle out very small and does the injection

and then retreat and then retreats into the device so that it can be thrown away and it's

sterile and it's single use. And so you're not like doing the bodybuilder thing with the needles

and the bottles, right? I think that's generally how it works. And so,

You have to prime the device properly.

You have to remove the cap.

I guess the guy messed up.

He thought he gave himself peptides.

He did not.

But he had...

But didn't stop him from losing 10 pounds.

He lost 10 pounds.

He says over the week since he took the fake peptides, he lost 10 pounds, got

amazing sleep, woke up happy, zero pain in his feet in Achilles in the mornings for the

first time in nine months.

Food appetite felt suppressed.

But I was still able to eat anything.

life was good. Last night on the sixth night, I figured since I had zero side effects and life

was great, I'd take an extra click or two. Nothing crazy, just a tad more. This morning when doing

so, I realized that I never took the cap off the needle of mine upon my, upon injection. I have literally

placebo affected my way into feeling absolutely amazing. Who knows how real this story is, but the

placebo effect has been studied a ton, and it is very real. So, Tyler, do you have something?

I was going to say, like, 10 pounds in a week seems like super fast. That seems higher than what

Reda should do to you. I mean, I fasted for a week one time, and I didn't lose. I think it was like

just under 10 pounds. You ate nothing for a full week? Yeah, like water and salt, yeah. Just water and salt.

You should do it again. You should do it again, and we can do a time lapse of you talking across

Vanta is the leading AI trust management platform. We have our next guest in the Ristraming

Tony from Sunday Robotics is here.

We had to delay.

Oh, let's start the Lambda Lightning Round.

Play that cute.

We were overdue for a lightning round.

We went along on Friday, but we have a lightning round today.

And we will start with Tony from Sunday Robotics.

Welcome back to the show.

Tony, how are you doing?

There he is.

Very good.

It's awesome to be back.

Thank you so much for coming back.

You've been extremely busy.

Extremely busy.

Incredible progress.

Take us through the progress.

How are you framing?

like this, the most recent era of Sunday robotics?

Yeah, I think the biggest announcement or commitment that we made is that, hey, we're ending

the era of demos.

Yeah.

We're focusing on deployments now.

That's amazing.

And I think really the, what behind it is that there are so many robotic projects that start

as a demo and end as a demo.

And that was like, unfortunately.

No, no, they start as a demo and they end as a YouTube video that goes viral.

Yeah. So, and I think that like we just from the how much program we've made through the beginning of this year and all the accumulation of infrastructure and systems that we felt like we can deploy it to real homes this year.

Yeah. And that's the premise of the whole beta program that we talked about. And yeah, and we're just like, hey, that's our sole focus. And we're just going to do it really, really well.

Okay. What types of tasks do you have line of sight to everyday consumers benefiting?

from with, I'm assuming some level of supervision, but enough autonomy that they can be,

I'm assuming valuable, are you going to sell them initially, or are you just going to place

them into homes?

Like, how are you thinking about going post-demum?

I'm looking for a robot.

We'll ride a horse and pull me in a chariot behind it.

Yes.

That's what I'm into.

Yes, but what are you working on?

Yeah.

So on the demo, on a beta program, we are actually going to document it.

we're going to be very transparent.

We're going to be autonomous as well.

And the reason is that we have so much data

and the robot will be generalizable.

But I think at the same time,

when it comes to tasks that we'll address,

I think the fun part is it will not be surprising.

If you look at other things,

they spend most amount of time on,

like the thing that you hate the most,

we're talking about laundry,

we're talking about dishes,

we're talking about like organization,

cleaning, these type of things.

And we're just going to pick a focus

and do it very well.

and be able to provide value.

So that is how we think about it.

They will not be like this super surprising pick of tasks.

Yeah.

What do you think about the opportunity in offices versus the home?

Everyone's focused on the home,

but I feel like an office is potentially like a less chaotic environment.

People are generally more like not leaving, you know,

a trail of clothing around or whatever.

Like maybe there's more straightforward tasks.

where do you where do you where do you where do you see the divide yeah i think home to us is such a good

like a long-term goal that's to drive the aGI moment for physical intelligence right to get there

because it's so diverse so many tasks so much like objects things are moving but i think as we

approach it there will be lots of as we build up the capability of the robot it starts to unlock

other use cases, maybe it's in offices, maybe it's in hotels, maybe somewhere else,

that we're actually very open-minded to that, and there's something that we are going to think a lot

about this year. What's going on on the data side? You've said you have a lot of data now.

Where is that coming from? Yeah. So I think for folks who haven't read our website yet,

we have this new way of doing data collection, which is building gloves that are mirroring the robot's hand.

So instead of needing to deploy like thousands and thousands of robots, we just need to make all these gloves.

And people can wear them and collect data in their own homes.

So this gives us really high quality data, but also really high diversity and quantity of data.

So I think this year we're going to scale to like a few thousands of these people to be collecting data first every day.

And we're going to build a high quality and diverse data set that will be kind of the powering the foundational model that we're going to train.

Is there a value in having a less transferable, less precise data set with higher volume,

maybe recorded through like a face camera, like meta ray bands.

I've seen some examples, I think it was in the LA Times today,

about people doing chores with basically a GoPro on their head,

and they're just recording what they're doing while they're doing chores.

And it feels like maybe that's not the perfect data,

but if you can transfer that data over to the gloves

and they can transfer that to the robot,

maybe you get extra data.

But what's your thought

on like the continuum of data quality?

Yeah, like I think the,

you're talking about like egocentric cameras, right?

If you're strap a camera here

to record their movements.

I think if you think about the quality side,

we're definitely compromising.

For example, we do not have precise movements

of how people use your hands.

We do not have forced information,

tech-tomber information,

these type of things.

So just that data will not bring us

all the way through.

But at the same time,

egocentric data and all the data that we already have in a public domain on the internet is going

to help the robots, right? Because you can learn the more general physics, you can learn some

intuition around how like rooms are arranged, like all those common sense. So I think the eventual

recipe will be a combination of those video public data with our proprietary data sets. And the way

we think about it is that like we're going to use our data to bridge this bulk of knowledge that

we can extract from the internet to be a deployable product that is actually useful.

Kind of bridge the gap from the gap from like demos to something real that's providing value.

Yeah.

How do you incentivize people to wear the gloves?

We pay them.

No, I know, but like is it is it, are you paying them like?

Good, good, good answer.

No, but I'm curious like, are you, you're giving some of the gloves and saying like,

okay, I want you to do like at least an hour of activity a day.

Like, like, is it per task?

Like, what's the structure?

Yeah.

So if they just put them on and then watch Netflix, I can't imagine this.

That's valuable.

100%.

Like, I think we both need to give requirements on like the quantity of data and the quality

of data and everything else.

But I think it's actually a really good part-time job to have.

that you can collect the data anywhere, like in your home,

and you can do it any time.

You can do it right, like super early in the morning.

You can do super late at night, like in between your shifts,

whatever it is.

We're going to be really happy about that.

And you don't need to even leave your homes.

Yeah.

It's cool.

How are you feeling about simulated data?

We've talked about the Simterial gap before,

and there's always this, you know,

there's not enough variables.

in some Unreal Engine environment that you build a kinematic model in.

But it feels like with generative AI, you should be able to sort of stochastically

generate different variations, create better synthetic data.

It feels like the LLM companies are doing very well with synthetic data generation in certain

cases, the various rollouts.

Like, how are you feeling about it?

Do you think it's going to be in the playbook this year, maybe for a few years and then

not anymore or it's something that would be valuable farther out and and maintain from there.

How are you thinking about synthetic data?

Definitely.

I think we talk about like world models a lot these days, right?

And they're like, hey, can we generate synthetic data out of the world models?

Like, how good is that?

And I think there are two sides of it.

One is training a world model can allow us to leverage even more compute and even more data,

like all the internet, right?

that can bring us a lot of knowledge

without collecting any additional data.

But at the same time,

I think it is neither going to reach the deployment gap,

which means getting from 95% to 99.99%.

More is going to bridge the last millimeter

for a certain manipulation task

because the fidelity of the data is slightly worse.

But what I see that is like being allay.

that lifts like everyone.

Yeah.

Like everyone will become better.

Oh, sure.

Because they now pre-trained on all these synthetic data.

Yeah.

That makes all that sense.

You raise any money lately?

How much money?

Yeah.

We actually did it, we'll see last December.

Oh, yeah.

We raised a $165 million series B, led by Code 2.

What was the valuation just out of curiosity?

1.1.15 million.

Wow.

Unicorn.

Art ready.

I love it.

Well, great seven investors. Congratulations. We love KOTU over here. And they know what they're doing. So good luck.

Send us a pair of gloves, too. You don't even need to pay us. We'll just, we'll contribute.

How else will you know how to adjust a podcast, Mike, 75 times over the course of three hours? You can't solve that. You can't see me. Exactly. I'm not afraid to be automated by Sunday. I invite it. Challenge accepted. Have a great rest of your day. We'll talk to you soon. Good to see you, Tony. Goodbye. Cheers.

We are, of course, in the Lambda

Lightning Round, and Lambda is the

Super Intelligence Cloud,

building AI supercomputers for training and inference

that scale from one GPU to hundreds of thousands.

And without further ado, we have Drew from 8BC.

He's a founding partner there.

He's in the recent winner.

Now what's going on?

TV Pin Ultralad. How are you doing, Drew?

Hey, doing well. How are you guys doing?

Doing great. Good to finally have you on the show.

Yeah, thanks for having me.

Talk about Quince. Let's get right into it. I feel like somehow this company came out of nowhere for me. I haven't purchased anything there yet, but it didn't come out of nowhere for you guys, given that you backed it at C.

So I would love to, yeah, understand how you initially found the company, somewhat of a contrarian move to back a company like this, given it's kind of not necessarily right in the,

sweet spot for eight if you look at the rest of the portfolio and then there's a kind of a graveyard

of companies in silicon valley that have like made different attempts at this opportunity generally

yeah i mean we've been involved in uh one of them that was actually instrumental with us so but we uh

i bet sid a long time ago the founder um and kind of basically like it was just incredible he was

running a business called lollie and pops which i've never thought about before it was basically a

luxury candy company and the way he talked about the business and the stuff you wanted to do

there. I was just super impressed because I kind of maybe didn't think there was all that much

when it comes to a luxury candy. And so he kind of told me he was going to think about doing his

next thing. So we spent months kind of just ripping on ideas and it was this was 2018 and wish.com

which we'd invested in from one of our actually our first fund.

was kind of a high flyer at the time.

And he was very intrigued by it, interested in the business model and their use of technology,

I think, frankly, and an ever-expanding sort of category of things to sell.

And so he was studying it.

And, you know, I'd be totally honest with you, I was trying to convince him to, you know,

work on some sort of defense tech or a biomeufacturer or some other business.

I just like it's so good.

Yeah.

Yeah, something more in the typical line of sight for you guys.

Exactly, which shows, you know, how stupid it is to try to be thematic about things.

And so...

Well, you guys were smart.

You didn't let the...

You just bet you back the jockey.

Exactly.

So I already agreed on what he wanted to do, and he came, and he pitched us what was called last brand at the time, and how the rest is history.

And then how quickly did you realize he wasn't too crazy?

I mean, I think pretty early on the business was working.

I think it's kind of like, it's always tough to see like when an exponential curve kind of early on.

And it really started to become obvious maybe just after COVID, about how fast he was growing and really how unbelievable the operations were.

I mean, the amount of products they were bringing in with really high quality and the amount of retention and repeat purchasing, it's just totally nuts.

I mean, I think that at this point, Quince is now a top 10 retailer in the United States in terms of repeat ordering.

And the other top 10 all have grocery or pharma that drives people in, you know, everyone on or whatever.

which has been massive.

And the company grew 100% year every year last year,

cash generative at like a multi-billion dollar scale.

So it's just really a testament to the way that Sid and the team he's built

have been running the business.

Zooming out,

how do you think about D to C retail changing in the AI era?

Like we've been tracking the Agent of Commerce stuff pretty closely.

It feels like it could go exponential this year

and go from like 0.1% to 1%.

and it wouldn't necessarily move the needle.

But, like, how are you thinking about it as, like, the next decade?

Yeah, I mean, it's something that's said they've been investing in a huge amount.

And really, I think the way he describes it is just, like,

he wants to build the world's most efficient supply chain.

And so AI is used in, like, every, like, literally every single aspect of the business.

Obviously, there's some places it can have, I think,

a much sort of maybe more, there's a lot more like of a call option of something being totally

transformative, maybe more on the front inside. But the reality is like one of the ways that he's

been able to just be so unbelievably capital efficient and cash generative is because

their operating expenses are just incredibly low. And their sales and marketing is super, super

dialed in and just basically every dollar they spend in is cash generative.

So I think that AI will probably have the biggest impact just in terms of taking a business, which maybe you thought, okay, the max ceiling here and what this thing could generate would be 20 or 30 percent, you know, operating margins and just drive that even higher.

And there's obviously interesting stuff on the consumer front end too.

But to me, that's what's most impressive, at least right now.

Just thinking about the broad startup landscape, are you not?

more bullish than in previous years around consumer broadly.

There's a lot of like, oh, B2B, SaaS, vertical stuff, you know, oh, it's going to get steam

rolled, blah, blah, blah.

It feels like D to C commerce, it sort of went through a wave, and then there's winners and

losers.

You're clearly in the winner.

But how are you thinking about just startup opportunities these days?

I mean, I think it's actually interesting being based here in Austin because Austin maybe is

like the maybe, probably the most sort of has the highest density of successful CPG founders.

And I think the interesting thing about them is that the vast majority have run super, super

capital efficient. Maybe they've raised a little bit of money.

The one, I think the sort of traditional. Yeah, they're sort of forced to, they're really

forced to be capital efficient. I'm sure a lot of them would, would love to just be like, you know,

growing, paying whatever it took to grow. But you look at the rounds that even,

great brands with great economics put together. It's like they're pulling in 500K from over here,

a few million over there. And that's with like being an eight figure revenue business.

When you look at their any other counterparty even in defense or AI, if they had that level

of revenue, they'd be raising it 50 to 100 times revenue potentially. Yes. So I think it's,

I think that I think it's, I think AI offers the potential that and we're talking more on like

the actual physical consumer product companies side. I think it offers the potential for higher

margin structures. So if you find the right entrepreneur, I think they're going to be more businesses

built, even if it does it, if there's not some super obvious like big why now, just because

people who deploy this the best are going to be, they're going to have a superior cost structure,

which means they can spend more marketing, grow faster, invest more in their product quality.

And then I think, obviously on the software side, I think anytime you see one of these big

tectonic shifts, there's going to be tons of businesses.

built, you know, on the consumer side, I think some of them are going to be tiny, but insanely

profitable. I already, you know, as we all know, there's people who have one or two people

that have thrown together something making like a million or two million or three million bucks,

you know, a year and they're running it basically for cash. But we, you know, I think we're

always looking for super high quality founders that match well to the, you know, to the business

they want to build.

And at the earliest stage, I think, can't be overly thematic.

So if another, you know, Sid walks in and wants to build something, other than, other than Quince,

I would back them into it at the early stage.

But I think there will be, we will see more founders that are able to run these businesses

at pretty, pretty insane margins because of AI.

What, what categories in physical AI or, or, uh,

industrials or even defense, do you feel like is still underinvested today?

It feels like obviously there's great company.

Sometimes you wake up and it feels like there's great companies in every category,

but from your vantage point, where do you want to see more new company formation?

I mean, I think that we're kind of just still the first innings of just the, I mean,

basically every huge technology world right now.

is bottlenecked by the physical world.

And I think there's just going to be an insane amount of companies that are built.

Some of them will be incumbents that figure out how to use AI to lower their cost structure,

change their incentive structures they have.

And maybe those won't be done by startups.

But I just think that pretty much anyone looking to build a big company that is enabling the,

amount of energy, cement, steel, copper, wiring, you know, etc.

Right now is super, super well positioned.

If they can figure out how to run those businesses, they're very different than running a

software business.

And so, you know, I think, you know, kind of to the point of what we saw with Quince,

I think a lot of people who were great, you know, software engineers and maybe we would

have built great SaaS companies, wouldn't have necessarily been the right founder.

I think that like when it comes to the reindustrialization that's happening in the United States,

capital allocation is just this unbelievable, like it's probably the most important sort of lever.

And so if you're building billions of dollars worth of facilities a year and you don't, you know,

have a relatively sophisticated finance function or a CEO who has, you know, studied this and comes from that world,

I think you can be in trouble, which is kind of an interesting thing to see for the first time,

you know, I started seeing, like, co-founding CFOs of companies.

That's crazy.

Or maybe they have a different title, but that's based their background is like, you know,

a partner in investment bank or, you know, whatever.

It's so funny because, like, a decade ago, if you, if somebody comes in to pitch you and they've got this CFO as, like, a co-founder,

you're like, yeah, yeah, I think you have, like, much more important problems.

to deal with, then, like, the finance function.

You should probably get some revenue and happy customers first.

But now I can see that flipping.

I mean, totally.

It used to be, like, my advice would be, like,

I don't want to see, like, a CFO person, like, around, like,

until you have at least, like, 30 million of revenue.

I want just, like, hire the smartest investment banking

and else you can find who will work, like, 120 hours a week,

and, like, make sure you don't run out of cash, right?

But now it's like, okay, well, we're going to go raise a $500 million,

like, you know, project financing.

deal for this facility, it's a little different. Yeah, that makes a ton of sense. Awesome.

Well, thank you so much for today. Yeah, thanks for coming on.

Enjoyed. Austin. How's the weather? Weather's great.

It's probably great at least for another few weeks and then it'll get really hot.

But it's good. Yeah, come as it now. Then it's time you go on water skiing.

Hill and Valley next week. Hill and Valley, we'll have a bunch of folks out there.

Fantastic.

Looking forward to it. Looking forward to it. We'll have a great rest of your day. We'll talk to you soon.

Great deal.

Great to hear you guys

some Quinn stuff.

That's got.

Let's do it.

That sounds amazing.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Well, good at them.

Yeah.

Bye.

Profitable advertising made easy with axon.

Dot AI.

Get access to over one billion daily active users and grow your business today.

And without further ado, we have Karina Hong from Axiom in the TV.

What's going on?

Karino, welcome to the show.

How are you doing?

Hi.

Great to meet you.

Great to meet you.

Since you.

Since it's your first time in the show.

show, please introduce yourself in the company.

Hi, I'm Karina Holm, founder and CEO of Axiomath.

We are building mathematical superintelligence.

That will be a critical path to verify the superintelligence.

Amazing.

What's your background?

How did you start this company?

Yeah.

So I did my undergrad at MIT, math and physics.

Kind of did math Olympia since I was a kid.

And we are seven months of company.

So we're at downtown Palau.

though. Very cool. And I mean, it feels like so many of the math benchmarks have been saturated. I don't know. What is the goal? How do you know that you're making progress when just the frontier model seem really, really good at math? Yeah. So we combined the very interesting techniques in post-training reasoning with formal verification. We use this language codline, which is program for proofs. And at the Kondam competition last December, which is a hard

this undergraduate math test, we competed in real time. And we got a perfect score 120 out of

120 where the best scoring ALM is 103. So by deep seek. So there's a lot to be done,

you know, if you combine informal and formal approach. And that will have a really strong superhuman

mathematician. Okay. Talk about why you think math is the pathway to general superintelligence.

Yeah. So we think that math is the same box for reality.

you will be very quickly seeing verifiable rewards because in math, there's like absolute right or wrong.

Sure.

And especially when you have lean, you can check the proof the solution step by step.

You will be able to, you know, apply reinforcement learning in a much more sort of efficient way.

And we have currently scaled from winning, permanent perfect score to solving a batch of research problems that professional mathematicians find really challenging.

Wow.

And we also see this transfer to code verification.

Okay. On the last IMO, I believe everyone struggled with question six. I believe OpenAI and Google both were unable to answer question six. It was this sort of like tessellation of triangles. I don't understand it. I didn't get it right. But do you feel like you're making progress?

You came close. I didn't even try. You came close.

But do you feel like the read on that particular IMO question was that it required a lot of outside the box thinking. And that's why Bo, Bo,

many of the students who took the IMO struggled with it and that's why also the model

struggled with it do you feel like you're the progress that you're making will

transfer to that type of that type of math question yeah so there's this going

joke that no like no AI could solve it because they were not at the

Australian airport because yeah actual solution is the the tiling of the floor

so no AI was able to look down to the floor they can't solve problem six

and we have seen that consistently since 2024 there were two common-on-tarks

problem, no AI was able to solve that, stays the same in 2025, you know, still haven't seen

an IMO perfect score.

But in this year's CUTNAMM, we have seen some really difficult questions by the Mass

Olympian Hardness scale by Evan Chen.

There is a question much harder than any of the five questions on the IMO that Axiomprovers

solved perfectly.

Okay.

And we don't believe any other AI has done so.

How are you thinking about the impact of advanced AI that can solve math?

Is there a direct benefit for just advancing the basic research that is done at a high level in the mathematics profession?

Is it just once you're good at math, you can also go and write software that generates economic value?

What are you most excited about?

Yeah.

So let's just like kind of take the time machine back to 2024.

I think everyone was kind of aware that Anthropic was working on coding.

and people didn't really think much of it

and thought of that as just one vertical

in the enterprise AI applications.

Turns out coding is a much more horizontal bet,

and we believe the same thing with math too.

We believe in formal math give us a pathway to verify AI

to be able to revolutionize

how verification has been historically done

in, say, hardware and software.

We think the TAM is on AI code,

and we think that in a way,

we are looking at the rofer, right, the first refusal, to verify or not all the AI code that

will ever be produced. And so this is a bet that's really relevant, even if you assume

AGI. I think to a lot of people, verification is about sort of correcting mistakes, right,

like sort of erasing hallucination. To us, we see the upside. We think of verification as a way

to have AI agents work with each other, human AI work with each other, to compound and scale,

the brilliant, right? The entire super intelligence. In a way, just like Ramanujan, after he learned

proof writing from Hardin and Littlewood came out to be a much more powerful mathematician,

turn his intuition into theorems and theorems have proofs, we think that we are seeing a similar

thing happening here and math reasoning will transfer to other parts similar to code and logic.

Talk about the impact of verifiability on mechanistic interpretable.

just the idea of like, you know, a lot of people have fear around AI.

They think it's a black box.

They don't understand it.

Is this going to make it more of a black box because it's doing math at such a high level

that no mathematician can understand it?

Or does it make it more interpretable because you can verify what's happening once the AI

generates its output?

Yeah.

I think instead of being sort of like, you know, going to the machine interpretability,

which I know some other great companies are doing,

and we also work with them.

That's about like the black box of what's going on.

Inside, verified AI is about being able to trust the output

once it is generated.

And so mathematicians will be able to function

at a much higher abstraction than they ever have been.

So, I mean, if you ask me, what is the purpose of, like, you know,

proof checkers, like the formal language lean,

in the mathematical community,

if they already have a pretty rigorous, like, peer review process, right?

like all the mathematicians will just peer-review each other's work.

I would say that it's because, you know, the lean and all the tactics within, such as grind,

is able to cover all the low-level deduction and for mathematicians to focus on the high-level navigation

and then do math at a much more compressed timeline.

So I think we're quite excited about the future where mathematicians,

because of this sort of increased supply of reasoning, can, like, produce way more breakthroughs than before.

And that can then flow to other applied scientific domains.

That should be quite interesting.

You raised a lot of money, $200 million.

Congratulations.

Thank you.

Is there a large compute budget within your organization because of that?

Yeah.

We are going to spend the new capital in compute and hiring.

We're also very excited to continue the amazing team building progress.

We have been.

I think I feel fortunate every day to work with this work class team.

and we want to, you know, have people who are interested in program verification to also join us.

Amazing.

Well, congratulations.

Thank you so much.

We got to hit the gong for the $200 million.

Awesome.

For axiom.

Wow, that was a big hit.

Thank you.

That's a big round and it's a big idea.

And this has been a great interview.

Thank you so much for taking the time to come chat with us.

I'm sure.

We'll talk to you soon.

Have a good rest of your day.

Goodbye.

the unified platform for payroll benefits and HR built to evolve with modern, small, and medium-sized businesses.

I nailed it. I didn't say smother. I didn't say smart. I said modern, small, and medium-sized businesses.

Our next guest is in the Restream waiting room. We have Cam Fink, the co-founder and CEO of Aru.

Welcome to the show. What's going on? How are you doing?

Hey, thanks. Thank you guys so much for having me on. You know, it's been a dream since the day I was born to be a TBPN.

Incredible. I know you're young.

You're the youngest ever guest. You're 11 years old.

Yes, yes.

No.

But since it is your first time in the show, introduce yourself and the company.

Yeah, I'm Cam. I'm the co-founder and CEO of Aru.

We're a business that predicts human behavior for almost every type of business on the globe.

So we tell people who's going to win elections, what products you're going to purchase.

We help people predict the outcome of marketing campaigns no matter who you are or what type of business you run.

Okay. predicting elections is interesting because we just went through.

a huge prediction market boom, that financial instrument was one way to harness the wisdom of the crowd.

You're sort of doing that through AI and data that you collect, or is it all simulated?

Walk me through, like, how do you actually get to a better prediction than what the state of the art is?

Yeah, I mean, it all starts with our idea of rather than training off of what humans say they do or who they say they are, right?

Like, we all know polls, focus groups, surveys are fundamentally wrong.

There's survey bias, sampling bias, incentive bias, let alone the fact that people lie, right?

We train on ground truth, behavioral data only.

So we're looking at things like credit card purchase history.

We're looking at real marketing campaign click-through rates.

We're looking at, you know, health insurance information.

We're looking at real election results.

That is all way more indicative of the actual decisions that people make.

And thus, you know, far likely to predict elections better than anything else.

And so is that like if somebody buys at REI, they are more likely to vote a certain way

and that factors?

Like how many different ways are you trying to like triangulate?

And then help me out in understanding like how the actual platform works.

Is this like effectively you have your own set of data and then you're spinning up a bunch of

agents and it's you're basically prompting it to say like pretend you're this person and

then this event happens, like, what is your response? Like, how does it, how does it work? Explain it to me,

like, I'm a podcaster. I mean, 100%. When you start by asking, right, how is it working in terms of,

like, what sort of different data are we including? Your REI example, it's like that, but at massive scale,

right? We can understand how the difference is in the price of eggs in someone's zip code is going to

change the likelihood to vote for one candidate or another or to care about some different marketing

campaign or another, right? And then as far as it comes to an individual simulation, one simulation

is composed of tens of thousands of agents for any audience on the globe, right? So remember,

because we're not constricted by what you can reach in a traditional survey and then going

and trying to train a model on top of survey responses, we can generate any audience we want,

right? So we can generate maybe an audience of social media influencers. We can even generate

an audience of podcasters. We have a client in the podcasting business. I've probably simulated you,

John and Jordy, somewhere in that.

But because of that, and then each agent gets given to a model that we build in-house, right?

So it's our core model, our foundation.

And then that model is able to take on that profile for all 10, 20, 50, 100,000 members of an audience

and simulate their behavior more accurately than anything else in the globe.

How are you working to build sort of confidence within your customer base?

Like this feels like the kind of thing that I like a lot of businesses would be down to try.

And then, but how do you, how do you actually prove accuracy over time?

The person that they predicted gets elected.

I mean, I mean, that's a lot of what happened in prediction markets.

It's like they got it right.

And then everyone was like, okay, I guess it works.

Well, and well, they get it right most of the time.

I'll all be done.

You know, take the Virginia attorney general's election.

as a good example.

But as you look at us, right,

like we've been around for 718 days, right?

It's almost two years of Aru.

If we didn't work, right,

then we wouldn't exist as a business anymore

if we weren't able to like predict behavior accurately.

But let alone that, we do have tons of external validation.

We did a really good study with EY on a really tough to reach audience,

like 3,500 individuals who are ultra high net worth, right?

Can't imagine anyone with a $30 million net worth

or more taking a survey.

Yeah.

And we were able to recreate their behavior even more accurately than the survey,

which was pretty cool. So great example there.

How concentrated is the customer base?

Because I feel like with prediction markets, it was just like, you know, people had the page

bookmarked and they were refreshing and going in the election.

Very like general consumer. It feels like there's like a lot of customers maybe.

Of course, there's like whales. But with you, I imagine that you can walk into like the CEO of

Coca-Cola's office and say like, I can move the needle for you and that's like a big ticket

client. What's the shape of the customer base right now? And where do you want to

evolve.

Yeah.

I mean,

behavior is everything, right?

So when we talk about predicting behavior,

we can sell to like every type of business on the globe.

We have film studio clients.

We have podcast company clients,

we have utilities businesses,

and we sell the governments, right?

So it's super widespread.

But I would say the three biggest areas today

are consumer, you know,

whether that be retail technology or CPG.

And then we do a lot of work as well

for financial services, businesses.

And then I would add on top of that

kind of like the government policy use case.

do a lot of work like stimulating the impact of new tax changes.

What about like a self-serve, like, you know, for small business that might want to put down

like $100 a month for a service on a credit card? Is that an option? Or do you think that

will be an option? Or do you want to stay in like enterprise-y, like let's actually-

They want to help big business get even bigger. I mean, I'm not going to be upset about that.

Sorry, little guys.

I'm not, I'm not saying we reject small business forever. We work with plenty of really cool

businesses across the full size, just like we work with the massive CPGs we work with

SpinDrift as well. But, you know, in terms of what our core customer base is, look, I think

every business on the globe is going to want to use ours someday, right? Like, in five years from

now, there shouldn't be a decision you're making without using our software. And I would like

that to be as accessible as possible. I think it's just a question of making sure that people

are prime to use technology as powerful as this. Is this, is this company somewhat, and I'm

to give you ample time to push back, but somewhat short AGI, like I assume a sufficiently

advanced model from a frontier lab in the future. I could talk to it and say, hey, I need to

make a decision on this product launch. This is my customer base. I can feed it some data.

predict the outcome for me based on all the data that you have access to.

I imagine you guys, if you just work harder on collecting the right kind of data,

could always have a differentiated data source.

But how do you imagine kind of competing with other, you're an intelligent,

I view you as like an intelligence provider, right?

Like you guys are predict, but more narrow than some of the more general.

I've been running every life decision through GPT2.

and people say that my behavior is really chaotic,

but it's when working out so far.

Well, it's actually funny you mention that

because what we've noticed is the foundation models over time.

They actually get worse and worse at predicting behavior, right?

Like, this is something we've seen.

We used to be a business where we just give, like, you know,

survey data to an LLM and then tell an LLM,

try and predict the behavior based off of this post-survey data.

But what you notice is it just doesn't reach the edges, right?

Like really consistently it is not going to be able to predict things,

at the margin. And that's a big issue because it's the predictions at the margin that are the most

valuable, right? Those are the predictions of like what our Fortune 500 CEO is going to do that we can

nail that an LLM con. And so sure, you know, there is a future where like Claude is going to be

able to tell you, yeah, I suspect that American household purchase decision makers might buy this

product. But for the biggest decisions on the globe, why would you risk it? And that's why people

trust us for the toughest decisions they have. Makes sense. Very cool. Well, thank you so much.

much.

We have a, I think there's a gone hit in order.

Is there an official round announcement?

I'll say we're very well capitalized.

Very well capitalized.

We need to sound more you for that well capitalized.

That'd be fantastic.

Thank you guys so much for having me on.

Great to meet you, Cameron.

I'm sure you'll be back on and congrats to the whole team.

Yeah.

The progress.

I look forward to, uh, we don't, we don't really, we don't really drink much.

for TPP. We're here anytime. We'll figure something out. Yep. We'll talk to you soon.

to spend, say, borrow, and invest, securely connecting bank accounts to move money, fight fraud, and improve


---


lending now with AI. We have our next guest already in the re-stream waiting room. So we will bring in

Deborah from... What's going on? Great to meet you, Deborah.

Welcome to the show. Hi. Hi. Thank you so much for taking the time to join us. First, since it is your

first time on the show. I'd love for a brief introduction on yourself and then I want to get into

the Oscars, but tell us a little bit about yourself. Thank you for asking. I'm a long time

journalist. I've been covering entertainment for a long time. Let's just say a lot of years.

Great. You've cut me open, you can count the rings. Let's put it that way. Fantastic.

And just give me your overall reaction to the Oscars this year. What took you by surprise,

what impressed you, what was your personal highlight? Walk me through what you thought.

the story of the night was?

The start of the night has to be one battle after another.

I mean, I think it was definitely the film

to be going into the night.

I don't think it definitely,

you know, I don't think it counts as a surprise.

Yeah.

But I think it was great to see that film

definitely take away all the wins that it did.

I think the winter of the night

was definitely Warner Brothers,

you know,

given all the coverage that that studio has been getting.

It's sort of ironic that it was the studio

that walked away with the biggest wins of the night.

I think Conan did a great job as the host.

It was exciting to see that.

So I think there was a great story, but to me, I love Michael B. Jordan's win. I think it was historic. It was

wonderful. I think he was so emotional about it. And that's kind of what you want under the Oscars.

Yeah. How are you thinking about, I mean, one of Conan's like funniest bits, I thought, was his, his jokes about the Oscars moving to YouTube and that you'd be interrupted by some, you know, sort of sloppy ad, very tongue-in-cheek.

But what do you think might change about the Oscars as they move to a more internet?

native model.

I know.

I thought he did a great job.

He was really so self-aware about it.

I thought, you know,

look, I think one of the most awkward moments of the night

with the speech is getting cut off.

It's always uncomfortable.

It's really hard to watch.

You feel so bad for people.

It's the moment of their lives.

And suddenly they're just sort of jumping up

on down on the stage going,

why don't I get to say thank you?

That's a really great point.

I mean, one of the amazing things about the internet,

we've been tracking Apple's work with F1.

And with the new F1 broadcast, you can say, I want to watch just this car on just this feed,

or I want to watch these three teams, and I want this announcer.

And I could imagine in the future of feed where you say, you know what, I actually don't care about the intros.

I want to hear the acceptance speeches.

Give those to me in full.

I don't care if I'm here for five hours.

And you could just let the person continue and then cut away on the other feed.

And maybe that comes.

It feels like the first version might just be the, that's.

standard Oscar program on YouTube, but certainly some silver lining there, if that happens.

How would you characterize AI this year at the Oscars? It feels like there was a lot of demand

for statements and people to share their opinions about where things are going.

Yeah. At the same time, I mean, artificial intelligence in the machine learning context

has been recommending people what to watch on Netflix for two decades.

And so how is Hollywood grappling with the AI issue at such a big event like the Oscars?

The answer is they're not.

Okay.

I think it's a raw nerve.

I mean, I think no one is willing to admit to your point just how much it factors into it.

I don't know that I can talk about what this season of the comeback is about,

but I think everyone is definitely addressing it.

Let's put it that way.

And I think it's definitely something that's on the forefront in everyone's mind.

We all use it.

And to your point, we use it in ways that we're not even aware that we're using it.

We're using it unconsciously.

And I think everyone is very sensitive about it.

And we're seeing the guilds, God forbid there's another strike.

Please, God.

I hope there is no strike.

Everyone is subtle it.

But I think we have to get ahead of it and come to terms with the real ways that it's helping us.

But also getting ahead of no one wants to see AI writing a script.

No one wants to see AI making movies or making creative decisions.

But we can also recognize there are a lot of ways that it can help us and make our lives better.

So how do we find that happy medium?

I remember when Avengers, it was probably Infinity War, maybe Endgame won best visual effects.

And in the CGI that went into Thanos's chin, they used AI to transfer the data from the facial capture of Josh Brolin.

They had a camera pointed in with all the dots, but they needed to be high resolution.

They used AI to actually up res that data to make.

a more compelling character, which was Thanos.

And it was a beautiful synergy between the VFX shop

that needed to do more and better graphics.

And Josh Brolin, who still delivered a great performance.

So hopefully there can be more storytelling there.

But it is such an ambiguous time.

What?

For sure.

And it really, like, it came up last season with the Brutalistic.

You know, and it's a really good question

of how much it really hurt the Brutalist campaign.

But it's like, suddenly you had Adrian Brody talking Hungarian.

And there was a controversy about how much ADR came into,

impacting all of that and how much it ultimately hurt his campaign and all of that.

But it's sort of like, let's all be aware of how much it really has to do and how much it actually

helps the making of the films.

And if it's going to help films get made and it's not really impacting the acting and the performance,

is it really that difficult and isn't really that painful.

Yeah.

The other thing is even if you mentioned on the script side,

how many movies have been created that in hindsight you're like, oh yeah,

AI could have made that exact plot.

Could have punched that up or found that plot hole maybe.

Look, I'm not depending

AI writing.

I'm saying that.

I'm just saying if it can help to your point,

the VFX,

and if it helped the film

get into theaters earlier

in the technical aspects of it,

maybe there's some sort of happy medium

to be found there.

It's definitely formatting a script.

I mean,

it's such a hassle sometimes

and there's little things about,

what do you think the big, like,

goals from,

for the guilds will be around AI.

Do you have any sense of, like,

what their asks

are, what they're pushing for?

I think it's about protecting the writer's rights, for sure.

I mean, I think it's really making sure that AI does not come in and write scripts and that,

you know, the writer's rights, which is really hard to say.

But, you know what I mean?

That the writer's rights are protected.

It's probably smart of them to have done as painful it is to talk about, you know,

another negotiation so soon after we just had one of those because all of this is changing so

quickly and that this just happened that we're,

making sure that we're staying ahead of it.

So I think knowing how quickly all of this is evolving and how quickly these conversations

are happening, making sure that this is a thing that they're ahead of and that they're not

going to, that suddenly in some new technology isn't going to emerge that they haven't thought

about.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Have you been tracking the debate over dialogue, legibility, or how hard it is to hear dialogue

in Hollywood movies these days?

I heard that there's a, there's an interesting, like, loop.

from, as TVs got cheaper, a lot of the speakers went out the back towards the wall.

And so the sound quality got worse.

So Hollywood sort of had to adjust.

And I'm wondering about your thoughts on how Hollywood is changing as we move to a culture

that consumes movies on their phones at home and less in the theater.

Or in your case, on the Apple Vision Pro.

I did watch two movies last weekend in VR fully.

I'm probably the only person.

I think it's amazing.

I actually, we talked to,

we talked to James Cameron about this on the show,

and he was sort of,

it was very clear that he had gotten access

to the next VR headset,

but wasn't able to talk about it yet.

And I think from his perspective,

you know, his movies,

the Avatar franchise,

it's so visually rich

that being able to deliver something

that instead of a 55-inch TV

that maybe is,

from Costco and is tuned wrong, he can have more control over the actual visual experience.

It was something that he was cautiously optimistic about, I think, and at least in terms of

the really odd silver lining for me in VR, it sounds very like anti-movie theater, but it puts

you in a virtual theater where you actually can't use your phone.

And so that whole Netflix thing about they have to restate the plot seven times, that

not an issue. And so I watched Citizen Kane from start to finish. No breaks. I didn't, you know,

that's a, that's a movie that would challenge the most brain-rodded of the younger generation.

And I enjoyed it. It was great. And it felt like a movie that I should have gone to the theater to see.

And I was able to do that in the Apple Vision Pro. So I've been having a good experience, but I don't know,

VR is probably not in the conversation at all in Hollywood right now, is it?

Not so much, but I do think things that enhance a theatrical experience.

that can get butts and seats and theaters is definitely going to move the needle and it's going to be top of mind.

Because I think that really is what is very much on top of mind for people and is really concerning the studios and writers and guilds and actors and all of that.

Because I think that's what's really the biggest concern right now because there's nothing compared to the theatrical experience.

There's nothing compared to, you know, seeing one battle after another on a big screen and I know I keep going that, you know, that chasing.

Yeah, that's nothing like that.

Yeah.

It's incredible.

Yeah.

I wonder how the, you know, obviously the Netflix Warner Brothers deal didn't pan out,

but one of the interesting case studies that I heard was about how K-pop Demon Hunters

sort of got a second run in the theater.

Once it had gone basically viral online, then there was a sing-along version.

And then it became this experience where even probably 90% of the audience that saw K-pop demon hunters

in theaters had seen it before, but the kids loved it and the parents had seen it.

And everyone agreed, this is a great movie.

go and see this experience. I wonder if that could be something that the theaters lean into

in sort of bringing back the movies that have already been de-risk. There's already this audience,

but it's this spectacle, and you know that the tickets will sell. But who knows?

Nobody to get that communal experience. There's nothing like sitting in a theater with an audience

and experiencing it together. And on the flip side, you know, I'm a ride or die,

I have that fan. And sitting in the audience and riding that emotional wave of that movie,

with people in the audience and not just sitting on my couch crying alone,

but crying with people next to me and someone turning to me and going,

you're okay.

That was really,

it was a visceral experience and there's nothing that can compare to it.

So,

you know,

I think to your part about K-pop,

Damien Hunter,

putting concert films,

Taylor Swift saw that,

putting butts in seats where people can experience something like that together.

That's what theaters are all about.

Yeah.

I had a similar,

but much dumber experience with the sequel to the Planet of the Apes movie.

I saw it in what's called 4DX, which is a, it's a 3D movie, but then your seat moves left and right,

and there's water that sprays you when something happens on the screen that has water.

There's smells that are piped in.

And at the end of the movie, there's this crazy avalanche, and they all survive and stuff.

And we were like high-fiving with the people next to us, and it just created this wild, hilarious experience that I still remember to this day.

I'm there for it.

I'm there for it.

I think whatever fits the right experience, you know, for some.

certain things, it'll be just a group of friends.

For others, it'll be the full-tilt 40X experience, or maybe VR.

Who knows?

And I can't wait to see what Oscar category they come up with for that.

I don't know.

Yeah, any predictions on AI-specific categories in the next few years?

Do you think we could see that?

Oh, that's a third rail.

Yeah, I know.

Yeah.

It took some 25 years to add the casting category.

Yeah.

You just saw that one last night.

And next year we're getting stunts.

So the wheels of change move slowly.

They come, but they move slowly.

Yeah.

That's interesting.

Stunts being added at the time where I feel like AI will be most as it rolls out,

potentially more disruptive to stunts than anything else.

Because it just, why risk human life?

Yeah.

Insurance and stuff.

So, yeah, interesting.

Well, I mean, it'll certainly, I think just like, you know,

cinematography, costume design, side design, like there's so many things where

When you're at the level of the Oscars,

like you are going to see the people,

like you think Tom Cruise is going to stop doing his stunts?

No way.

He's not going to let AI jump across a building.

No, he's not going to be jumping off planes.

He's going to do it.

And it's about like the lore that he brings to that performance

that part of when you sit down to a Tom Cruise movie

is you've been hearing about the process

of making that film for months

and seen, you know, behind the scene stuff

of him jumping the motorcycle off the cliff,

and it's real, but you can see some of the camera equipment.

And so you go into it, and it's so much easier to, like, suspend,

you're almost not suspending reality.

You know it's real.

And so it just makes the, just makes the excitement so much more thrilling.

Well, thank you so much for taking the time to come chat with us.

Great to meet you.

Great to meet you.

Come back on anytime you're writing something you think our world would be interested in.

Yeah, we'll talk to you soon.

I'd love to come back.

Take care, guys.

Have a great risk of your day.

Back to the timeline.

What did we miss?

Well, John Collison asked on the Cheeky Pint podcast

if Sierra is a short AGI company.

That was a very funny one.

I think everyone was wondering about this.

And we'll have to watch the full episode to get the full answer.

But there is this interesting dynamic right now.

VC investments usually take five to eight years to exit.

This is from Ethan Mullick.

That means almost every A.

VC investment right now is essentially a bet against the vision of Anthropic Open AI and Gemini have laid out and so it's got to be a great time to be a VC if you're in those names a little bit stressful and it just requires like an extra an extra layer of attention because you're not going up against

legacy incumbents that have been rolled up and sold and gone public and gone private that was so much of the early software boom was okay this company has been doing things in on

in paper, and we're going to do it on a website.

And now you're going up against Sam Oldman

and a lot of people that are in founder mode

and very well capitalized and have a very broad vision,

and the technology shows a lot of promise.

We will end here.

Mark Andreessen says it is 100% true

that great men and women of the past

were not sitting around moaning about their feelings.

I regret nothing.

So we are going to leave it there for today.

I hope you spend the rest of your day,

not moaning.

feelings. Living with regret. Yes, never introspect. Always

respect yourself. Here's our outrospection. That's right. We made the new

outro last week and unfortunately we used a song. They didn't want us to play. They didn't want us to

play. Yeah. And so they took down. We're going to work on a new outro. We're, we already got a

bunch of ideas cooking. But leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Subscribe to

newsletter at TBPN. Goodbye.