=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Meta Connect Reactions, Zuck's Beer Pong Controversy, New Bentley EV | Shalev Lifshitz & Romi Lifshitz, Leif Abraham, Diogo Almeida, Hooman Reza Nezhad, Jordan Nanos, Erika Alden DeBenedictis
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/meta-connect-reactions-zucks-beer-pong-controversy-new-bentley-ev-shalev-lifshitz-romi-lifshitz-leif-abraham-diogo-almeida-hooman-reza-nezhad-jordan-nanos-erika-alden-debenedictis
Datum: 2026-09-25
Länge: ~123k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

TBPN Live - Meta Connect Reactions, Zuck's Beer Pong Controversy, New Bentley EV | Shalev Lifshitz & Romi Lifshitz, Leif Abraham, Diogo Almeida, Hooman Reza Nezhad, Jordan Nanos, Erika Alden DeBenedictis Transcript and Discussion

Home

Transcribe From URL

Pricing

Brand Intelligence

Podcasts

Categories

About

Contact

Submit Podcast

Single Podcast

Multiple/All Podcasts

Search through episodes of a specific podcast.

Select Podcast

Clear Selection

TBPN Live

Loading...

Basic Search

Advanced Search

Episode Title Search

Search Keywords

Exact Match

Date Filter (Optional)

No Date Filter

Before

After

Between

Search

Transcribe From Audio/Video Link

Home

TBPN Live

Meta Connect Reactions, Zuck's Beer Pong Controversy, New Bentley EV | Shalev Lifshitz & Romi Lifshitz, Leif Abraham, Diogo Almeida, Hooman Reza Nezhad, Jordan Nanos, Erika Alden DeBenedictis

Technology

Share

TBPN Live - Meta Connect Reactions, Zuck's Beer Pong Controversy, New Bentley EV | Shalev Lifshitz & Romi Lifshitz, Leif Abraham, Diogo Almeida, Hooman Reza Nezhad, Jordan Nanos, Erika Alden DeBenedictis

Episode Date: September 24, 2026

(01:13) - Meta Connect Reactions (45:04) - Australia vs. AI Agents (47:33) - 𝕏 Timeline Reactions (49:26) - New Bentley EV (52:37) - Shalev Lifshitz discusses his background in AI research

...

Read less

Transcript

Discussion

(0)

You're watching TBPN.

Today is Thursday, September 24th,

26.

We're alive from the TBPN Ultradone,

the Temple of Technology,

the Fortress of Finance,

the capital of capital.

Time is money, save both,

easy use, corporate cards,

bill pay accounting,

and a whole lot more,

all in one place.

Very happy to be sponsored by Ramp.

Thank you to the whole Ramp team.

Also, thank you to Chris Kringle,

because he's coming by

in just 91 days.

That's right.

The TBPN Road to Christmas is continuing day by day.

We're 91 days away.

So that's right.

Get ready.

Get excited.

Christmas is coming.

It's around the corner.

Great weekend to pick up a tree.

If you can find one.

And struggle to keep it alive for three months.

Yeah.

Maybe.

I mean, some, some operators I know are actually cycling through multiple trees on the road to Christmas.

Some operators.

Yeah.

It's like that Chinese proverb.

The best day to plant a tree, 10 years ago.

The best day to, the second best day is today, you know, get started.

The best day to get a Christmas tree was 10 years ago, the second best day, today, no matter when it is.

Only 91 days away.

So get ready.

Anyway, Meta Connect yesterday.

Late, Zuck likes going late.

He, 4 p.m. Pacific, 7 p.m. Eastern for the keynote.

Well, because he wanted to roll straight from the keynote into some beer pump.

Oh, that's true.

We will get into that big, high.

hot debate on the timeline over his beer pong strategy. But really, really tight keynote,

very well organized, very clear, didn't overstay its welcome, did three live demos. Last year,

there was a hiccup with a live demo, Wi-Fi, and I believe Boz triggered everyone's agents by

using the wake word. So this time he deliberately stayed away from using that wake word and used

like the name of his agent. So he didn't cause a lot of chaos in the, in the, in the,

dome or in the in the studio, wherever they were. But a bunch of great announcements, really good

pacing, really tight one hour keynote. And it was, it was fun watching Zuck, like, sort of do the

live demos and be like one down. Like, it's high stakes. Like, it was clearly high stakes for him.

But he got through it all. No mistakes. Yeah, he had a funny line. He was like, and we love live demos here.

Yeah. It's funny because, like, he totally could just not do live demos, but he like wants to.

So I think you need to.

Do you?

I think you absolutely need to.

People have bought so many random hardware devices that haven't met expectation.

Yeah.

And I guess there was that hardware.

If you want people to buy it, you have to do a live demo.

Yeah, there was a demo of a Gemini model running like two years ago that was like sped up in post.

And that faced a lot of criticism.

And so I think, yeah, just demoing things as they are available in the real world is,

is very valuable.

And I think in general, like, the thesis for the products was, like, meet people where they are

delivering tomorrow's technology with today's constraints.

And that's just what I kept seeing as a theme was, like, what do people want?

And, of course, the best, it basically created a huge dichotomy between, like, the crazy

superintelligence, RSI, ASI, P, Doom, X-R-R-R-R-R-S-I, and then just, like, Muse.

It's a helpful agent.

Naraj Agarwal summed it up well.

Anthropic marketing.

We built a god only, we built a god only we can control and gave it a wet lab.

Muse marketing.

Hey girl, I know you have dozens of unpaid parking tickets.

Let's get that cleaned up.

And it's funny because it's actually working.

I think that if you went back to a couple months ago, the consensus was like popularity of AI is turning.

it's deeply unpopular.

You need to just be quiet or not lean in or just like apologize like what a lot of the lab leaders are doing just being like,

yeah, it is bad.

I'm sorry.

But meta has taken a very different approach.

They're not fear mongering.

They're just like, it's cute.

It's lovable.

And they actually are successful.

I mean, the New York Times yesterday, Jensen and Ezra are duking it out over like X risk and acceleration.

Do we need to slow down?

Meanwhile, the New York Times published a really positive review of Muse.

They love it.

And they're a tough cookie to like win over, basically.

So success there.

And it's interesting because it's been, there's been a few strikes for meta over the past two years.

The vertical AI slop app vibes quickly disappeared.

I don't even know if it's available anymore.

It might have been quietly shuttered or tucked behind a couple different tabs.

The core meta chat app that was sort of just like a Gemini, a Chatchiti clone, I don't think that ever really took on.

No, over the last year, you have massive spending, clearly massive focus for meta, but the strategy was at most times completely incoherent.

It was scattered.

It was not legible to the markets.

It was not legible to the tech industry.

Yeah, you had, you had, you had Muse code.

You had them buying and then having to undo the Manus acquisition.

you had the meta vibe the first thing and again this this was an unforced error the first thing

that they did post the whole talent raid was released like the short form slop video app which

wasn't even it was mid journey yeah it was basically a mid journey rapper yeah and we're and everyone

was like okay like this doesn't align to the to what you're putting out which is this like

personal super intelligence yeah yeah and so really yesterday like everything felt

like it came together really nicely, right?

Tying in all of the hardware investments,

tying in personal, making personal super intelligence

feel a bit more real, right?

Totally.

AI that hustles for you.

I think that's smart positioning.

But it really felt like things came together

for the first time.

Totally.

And I wouldn't necessarily go so far

as to give them full credit as, like if you were really

going to give them full credit

for like this was the master plan all along.

Then there's a bunch of other stuff you wouldn't have done unless you were just trying

to confuse the market.

Yeah.

You're trying to just confuse people.

Are we doing coding?

Yeah.

Are we doing a knowledge work harness?

Are we doing short form slop?

Right?

And so I think it was really like-

You're not giving him the benefit of the 4D chess.

No.

Okay.

No, no, no.

Tricky.

But going Occam's Razor.

Total credit.

Total credit to them for like figuring out how all the pieces can,

together. Yeah. And then putting that in a one hour presentation that actually like makes

sense. So what are the pieces that come together? Why does it make sense for meta's business?

Why are they seeing success here when the models haven't jumped to the frontier? The benchmarks

have always been a little, there's been a lot of confusion on are they going to sell compute, sell

tokens, sell, you know, go after the coding market, desktop agents, all these different things that

they were testing. This seems to be working. And I think

there's sort of four key points that come together to make this make sense.

So first is like they have scaled and secured systems for years.

WhatsApp encryption is a great example.

They have a lot of compute and so they can offer a VM for millions of people that is

secure and also well resourced.

And they won't be losing sleep over costs because they already have a lot of the compute

built out.

And the question was like, when will the demand come?

Are those GPU sitting idle?

Are those, is that infrastructure getting used efficiently?

They're building a lot more of it.

Do they need to?

Well, they got to find a product to actually distribute all that through, and it seems like

they have.

Two was they have the distribution to continually educate people about features and benefits

of muse through big ad placements across the family of apps.

I think that there is the world where they've been able to funnel what, like half a billion

people over to threads.

it's not a particularly differentiated app.

Obviously, it's a different community, and it's done well.

But it's a different challenge because with threads, you can just show someone a text post.

People know what that looks like.

It's more content.

They go over there.

Jobs finished once you show someone.

All you need to show is that their community exists over there.

They're scrolling, Instagram, watching basketball highlights, and you say, hey, there's

some basketball commentary going on in threads.

You hop over there.

With all the AI agent products, the capabilities change so rapidly that you have to re-educate the consumer on what it's capable of.

Like, can it actually deal with parking tickets?

Like, if it can, you need to confidently tell someone that.

And that capability might change.

It might not work one week and then the model updates and then all of a sudden you can do that the next week.

And so Chad GPT came out and it was like, it can answer Google searches.

It can do your homework.

Then it was like it can write some code.

and there's this constant like re-education of the community.

Obviously, the early adopters, the enterprise, the business, the startup community tests everything.

But consumers don't.

Consumers just, they need to be told the new iPhone has an ultra-wide camera.

The new iPhone has Memoji.

Even though Memoji was not a wildly popular feature, Apple told everyone what it was.

We know what it is.

Everyone sort of knows that concept because they ran billboard campaigns and Meta has the ability to actually go and tell.

everyone what Muse is capable of and run an ad campaign across the whole platform to get people back up to speed on the latest and greatest feature.

The third is that no one needs their...

Wait, Simms says, quote, deal with parking tickets. Hack me out of it.

Then we are talking about them.

Well, no, no. So the thing is that they are behind on the frontier.

They're not dominating all the benchmarks, but it actually doesn't matter because no one needs their personal AI agent to solve a millennium.

math problem or secure their enterprise infrastructure from cyber attacks.

Like that's not a requirement.

The model is definitely good enough for a lot of this.

They obviously will increase the model and the capabilities, but it's not what consumers

worry about.

Consumers don't care about benchmarks.

They don't understand them.

The benchmarks are often hacked or not indicative of the feel of using a model.

And so it leans into the capabilities.

They have near fear, near,

frontier intelligence. They have good enough intelligence. And so if it's good enough to do this,

you just roll out the capability. And the harness is what matters, the integration, the distribution,

that's what matters. So they actually didn't launch watermelon. They've been teasing that for a while.

There's been some leaks. It totally could have happened here. But they made the decision to either not

rush it because maybe it does just need more time. But also, even if it was ready, I don't think they

should have launched it here because

Metacnex not for that audience. They don't care.

Yeah, the A.I.

The watermelon might scare people.

Yeah, yeah. You probably don't want it to be

too powerful. And then fourth,

they, of course, already have a business model

that's heavily aligned with this type of

use case advertising.

We've talked about this idea

that brands would love to

sponsor agentic workflows. You open

up a personal AI agent and it

says, hey, you know,

the new Nathan Fielder movie is coming out

in a couple months. I saw that you were scrolling reels. You seemed to be a fan of this. You shared

the movie trailer with your friend. Do you want me to get tickets, text some of your friends,

share it on WhatsApp, share it in your Instagram DMs, and actually make that happen,

send a calendar, invite, do everything necessary to take care of that. And I think movie studios are

just one example of a business that would happily pay for placement for extra attention around

that particular workflow that they can monetize.

through the traditional pathway.

And then, of course,

small businesses will buy pixels anywhere.

So, you know, if you open it up

and there's a full bleed ad,

like, that's fine.

And people will pay for that.

So, yeah, the other kind of examples,

I get pretty crazy is your personal agent,

for example, knows that you have home insurance

that's set to renew in three months.

And it's like, do you want me to go get three competing bids

before we renew?

Yeah, totally.

And it's like, yes, right?

and that's like an opportunity for some type of paid placement as well.

Sure.

So the vibes, not the app, but the actual vibes at meta, internally, how are the employees feeling?

I feel like this is a turning point.

I feel like if you're at meta, you're like, okay, finally there's a thing to align around.

We have a strategy.

As long as I do something that's in support of muse and what's going on with the personal

superintelligence mission that the CEO and founder has laid out, I'm good.

even if I'm on Facebook Marketplace team, and I feel like I'm going to get steamrolled because

of the Nikita Beer take that everyone's going to be negotiating and low-balling on Facebook

Marketplace.

Well, the Facebook Marketplace team, they can say, okay, well, now we're going to build tools

for sellers to make that not annoying.

And so there's more work to be done, and it's more aligned with the overall mission.

The vibes should be good.

At the same time, the Verge ran a story that said the vibes are internally way off still

at Meta, that people are upset about the scattershot nature.

of the approach, that they're still reeling from like the Metaverse misadventures, but I

feel like that was, that was like the last hit piece you could write about meta. And I think

things are turned around. It's hard to be feeling that bad when the stock's up 38% in the last month.

Yeah. And so I think, I think it's pretty easy to align all the efforts across what's happening

personal superintelligence. And even if you were on like the Glasses team, there's a whole

narrative of like, well, you were trying to build VR. You came, you were in the division that was

building the cool Oculus stuff. It's evolved. And now it's kind of just a GoPro on your face.

There's been some negative, oh, these are just for, you know, people to spy on each other,

blah, blah, blah. But now they even have a version without cameras and it's very aligned to what the

users want. And so the, the top line hero initiative, even if you're like just on the glasses

team and you're like, oh, like, they're building the data center. And that's not really,

anything to do with me or they're working on a coding model and like that's not really relevant to like

getting more people to wear the the the the the the the oakleys or the or the medirabans well now now you are

a line now you are on the same team you're rowing in the same direction and so I would expect the vibes

to to get better I think and yeah this is all good news super reflected in the timeline but I'm even more

excited about the VR glasses. That was the highlight for me. It was the one more thing. I was hoping that we'd

get a new VR headset last year. We didn't. And no one was speculating that this would drop this

year, but it did. And it's very, very cool. So the headline is, uh, uh, 1,300 bucks VR glasses.

It's a hundred grams, which is the, the weight of a pack of deck of cards. Um, and, uh, if you go

back, John Carmack was the CTO of Oculus, working with Palmer Lucky. He came into Meta through the

acquisition. He's the creator of Doom, legendary computer scientist now running keen, working on

AI. He wound up leaving. Very, very disappointing to not have him realize his vision there at the

company. And he had been pounding the table at Meta. And actually, there were some leaks and there

was like, oh, this is like a source of frustration because his goal and his mission was to get to

a hundred grams for the headset, very light, at $100.

He said it needs to be cheap and light, and then it can go everywhere.

Then you can see mass adoption, and then you'll get the developer ecosystem, etc.

Obviously, $1,300 is not $100.

There's been a lot of inflation, but not that much inflation.

But it is half the price of the Apple Vision Pro, basically.

you're in a more accessible territory.

Half the price of specs.

Oh yeah, it's half the price of specs.

And it's, I think it's less than 1%

the price of a Ferrari luce.

So there's that if you're in the market.

You can just put that on it.

Imagine that you're driving an electric Ferrari.

But...

The glasses in the car sound the same.

Oh, yeah, they're both very quiet.

But he pitched it as three key things.

It's a cinema.

It's a work station.

and it's a gaming console.

You can play VR games on it.

I almost felt like they were listening

or just like same line of thought as

Ben Thompson because they're rolling out

a bunch of like 100 experiences,

it sounds like a year,

where you're going to be able to get

some live entertainment value

from your headset.

And specifically, sports.

Sports.

Sports.

You sit anywhere in the stadium.

Yes, yes, yes.

And you can pick your seat

and I don't think they will be doing

the crazy frenetic editing or the cutdowns.

They have a great deal with UFC.

Obviously, Daniel White's on the board.

But it seems like they also rolled out partnerships with so many other leagues to get that there.

They also put the compute and the battery pack on a puck that you wear on your belt.

I love that design.

It was very controversial, very un-Apple when Apple Vision Pro did it.

And everyone was like, Steve Jobs never would have stood for this.

Well, like, that's the reality of the technology.

It doesn't make sense to put a battery on your face.

And so put it on, put it in your pocket.

I've never had a problem with the way the Apple Vision Pro works with the tether.

And they did a good job in the, in the promotional videos of like hiding the puck.

Like you can't even see it there.

So they're clearly aware that you want to forget about it.

And I think in the best case, you actually can.

So very good there.

The other dynamic tabletop typing.

So if you have a flat surface in front of you.

Bad.

Bad.

Bad.

No one wants to do that.

Gurman says it's insane.

I don't think it'll...

I trust him with my life.

Okay, okay, maybe.

I think people will either connect this to a computer and just be using their computer or they'll just be using voice.

I think that that's like a half measure like the writing.

And I think it won't be, it'll be 99% of the way there.

So in a demo, you'll be like, oh, this is pretty good.

But if you're thinking about actually wearing this for work hours a day, you'll be like,

yeah, let me get a $20 keyboard.

It has tactile feedback.

You can actually feel the keys move.

I don't know.

It's good that they did it.

It's clearly cool.

It's possible.

And especially if you're in a situation where you can't bring a keyboard or a laptop,

like that makes a lot of sense.

That is a glimpse into the future.

I would be surprised if that has, if that's the dominant input, the input, like way people input stuff.

They'll either just talk to it because the voice models are good or they'll be locked in at a computer with an actual keyboard.

Good to have.

This is an awesome step forward to, you know, humanity living inside a world owned and controlled and monitored by Mark Zuckerberg.

Yeah, the wireheading future.

Yeah, no p-dum around wireheading.

That is one of the X-risk things.

Remember, don't forget about that.

It's not just bio-weapons.

It's also we all turn inward and lock into the VR worlds.

and then stop reproducing, and that's the end of humanity.

The better is only three hours, though.

So you can't even watch all of Lawrence Arabia.

Like, how can you be wireheading in?

It's very easy because that puck, you plug it in.

You plug it in.

And that's what you do when you have the USBC.

The USBC is also really important because Palmer Lucky was in the promotional video,

and he's getting his mind blown.

He's saying you can do display port over USBC,

and what that means is that you'll be able to just take a USBC cable from your laptop

into the actual puck.

It's charging your device.

And then also you're getting zero latency.

Because the latency of having to go from screen sharing on your computer

to your Wi-Fi router back to your glasses in Applevision Pro.

I was trying to game on it.

I did all these crazy things to try and wire up a PlayStation into it.

It was a huge hassle.

It never really worked.

There was always a ton of latency.

This cures that.

I'm not exactly sure how the game consoles support USBC,

but I know all the Mac products do really, really easily display port over USBC.

So it looks like a USBC cable, but it's basically an HDMI cable.

So zero latency.

And so you just get a huge screen with whatever you want on it.

So it doesn't matter if the developers don't show up.

And they didn't bring GTA6 to the meta VR glasses, which are probably going to sell less than a million units in the short term.

And it doesn't come out for six months.

But will you be able to play GTA6 on this thing?

Absolutely, right?

Because it has display port.

And so if you want that experience, it'll be available to you.

It won't be a fully immersive VR experience,

but if you're someone who only has $1,300 and can't afford a movie theater or can't,

it doesn't even have space for a huge TV, you get this, you plug it into a laptop or a gaming console,

and you have a movie theater available to you.

So very, very excited to try it.

Very disappointed that they have to wait until spring of 2027.

That's a long way away.

but the road to meta VR glasses begins today.

So start counting down 180 days or so.

When is the end of spring?

When would that be?

I guess the end of spring is what May?

Right?

Then summer starts.

So we're up in like 230 days or something like that.

But it'll be fun to see what people actually do with it.

It's still the dominant platform for developers in VR, even though everyone's pivoted.

I think that's interesting to me in positioning of it.

of it being a computer.

Yeah.

It's a small, like, tweak, right?

I don't remember them ever calling

previous air devices.

Like, this is a computer.

But it's easier for people to kind of imagine

it as, hey, this is a device

that I can do a bunch of stuff.

And this is the thing with the iPhone.

Like, the iPhone was a phone,

an iPod, and an internet

communicator, basically a web browser.

And it was like, we know that at the very least,

people like phones.

So if we can be as good as a phone,

as what they have right now.

And so it's like, if we can be as good as a home theater,

then people will buy it.

And so instead of trying to purely position it

as like this entirely new thing,

metaverse that you live in and VR

and everything's immersive and full,

like immersion, instead, you're like,

this can replace your triple monitor display.

And you're like, yeah, you know what?

I was in the market for a triple monitor display.

It was going to be two grand across three monitors.

Why don't I pick up this instead?

And if they can deliver on that,

I still think this might be V1 and it might be the second one that actually gets the breakout success and really broad adoption.

Yeah, he did say this is a glimpse of the future.

Yeah.

And any time you hear that, you're kind of thinking, okay, like, I'm going to get some cool demos.

It's not going to be dailying it.

Yeah, I mean, it'll take a while for the ecosystem.

But it was the same thing with the iPhone.

Like the first iPhone didn't have an app store, didn't have 3G.

but it kicked off the beginning of a big revolution,

and this feels like it could be that.

Also, the pixel density,

they haven't shared the exact specs.

It feels like it might be 5K per I,

which is about 53%,

about half as much as the Applevision Pro.

So there's a world where in six months

we're talking about,

it's still not that high fidelity

to actually do work on for a full day.

A lot of people are running 5K for a single monitor,

that's only, you know, in this much of your vision, you're talking about 5K spread over your

full field of vision could be a little bit of a setback. But I think that that is something

that definitely gets resolved on the next iteration because the display technology things are better.

What do we think about hologram calling? Let's discuss it after I tell you about the New York Stock

Exchange. Want to change the world? Raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange. I think it's cool.

They did legs in VR. It's very difficult to do legs in VR.

Oz took the victory lap on that.

And I think it blew people away.

I think it's cool.

I did an Applevision Pro call with someone who got one the same week.

It didn't really, they never really took off because there was never a broad install base.

It's all, it's all based on like, do they sell millions and millions of these things?

It's always been hard for Facebook to develop like a new network that requires hardware distribution.

It's much easier to go from a friend in real life to we're texting each other.

We have each other's emails.

And then we're also sending Instagram reels to each other on DMs.

Much harder to be like, oh, did you get the device?

Oh, no, I don't have it.

Oh, I don't have it set up, you know.

But of course, you can portal into someone with, which is WhatsApp or anything else.

So it does seem good.

There's one thing that is 100% sure, which is that you will be buying the,

and I will not.

That is 100% true.

Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of ITHR and finance support,

giving employees instant resolution for access, requests, and password resets.

Let's go through the timeline, react to some of the reactions.

Mark German loves it.

He says they're incredible.

Half the price of the Vision Pro, 1-6, the weight external pack.

He's stoked on it.

What else is going on?

Launch in spring, 2027, the interface is basically the same as the Vision Pro, but it has absolutely bonkers tabletop virtual keyboard that blows the Vision Pro keyboard out of the water.

Yeah, because the Vision Pro keyboard like hovers there. You're not supposed to really use it. It's a terrible keyboard.

But also, I don't, the tough thing with the keyboard is like the moments when I was using VR, I wanted to be on a couch.

I wanted to be on a chair that didn't necessarily have like a flat surface in front of me.

So it requires a little bit of a different workflow to actually go to the coffee shop and sit down at the table and have a flat surface in front of you.

So with the Applevision Pro, there was never a moment where I was like, oh, I would love to be able to put this down onto a flat surface because I usually wouldn't use it on a flat surface.

So we'll see.

We'll see how that goes out.

What else is in here?

I underestimated Zuck's game, Ryan says.

It's a hearing aid.

You can't tell me I can't wear my meta glasses anymore

or else you'll be going against ADA,

the Americans of Disability Act.

I don't know that that's actually what's going on here,

but that is sort of crazy that there's all this backlash

to smart glasses.

Maybe there will be a next wave of like restaurants and bars

that say, no, you can't wear those there.

But if you say, no, it's my hearing aid.

You can't.

That's some, that's some 40s.

Chess. Are you given Mark Zuckerberg the benefit of Occam's 40 Razor on this one?

No, I just think it's, I think it's cool. I think it's just cool and independent. I don't think

it's actually cool looking pair of, I was meeting, meeting with an older friend the other day,

and his hearing aid setup was like this, like, you know, seemed like kind of clunky. And if you could

just throw on it, he was wearing glasses, if you could have just thrown on a pair of glasses and

be like, cool, I'm in business. Yeah. It's been awesome. So,

I think, again, what many people forget about glasses is that smart glasses are way more appealing if you have a need for them outside of just wanting smart glasses.

So if you just want, you know, if you need help with your vision or you need help with your hearing, I think these are going to have much stronger product market fit.

Yeah.

Your AI agents can now create and modify your Figma files with design system context.

Don't you think if you're wearing if you're wearing camera glasses

VR or AR you know meta ray bands and it has a camera there

It should be it can see your hands right

It can see your elbow so if you were playing beer pong

It could tell you hey back up you're gonna lose a point

It could go to your agent and and kick off an agentic workflow

To schedule you with a professional beer pong coach

Have them come to your house and do

hours and hours of drill so that you never

make that mistake. So

is this vapor wear if it didn't happen?

Because we saw Mark Zuckerberg

get caught with his elbow

over the line.

Way over the table.

Beer pong.

I just don't understand why

glasses, smart glasses

CEOs go out in public

without wearing the smart glasses. Oh, he's not wearing them here.

And it's like Evan

is doing interviews all the time without

you know, wearing, you know,

Speaking, you know, at places like Sun Valley not wearing the glasses.

Sock is, you know, all the time out in public doing things, not using the glasses.

I mean, they make clear versions of them, right?

So if the glasses are, if the product's so good and everyone should buy them,

shouldn't you have them on at least half the time that you're out socializing?

I personally think if you see Jensen at a conference, he should be having an NVL 72 in a backpack.

He should have a rack and he should be pairing it around.

No, I did notice, so he was wearing a very special watch

and everyone's obsessed with Mark Zuckerberg's watch collection.

He always debuts a new, unique piece every time he's on stage.

But I think the watch thing, it's getting a little old.

I would like to see him get into cars a little more.

And I'd like to see him drive on stage on like, you know, Gordon Murray T50.

And do it out.

And burn, and do a quick burnout.

Quick burnout, yeah, exactly.

Something to show that he's not one dimensional.

He's not just into watches.

He's also into very special cars.

Pull up in a turbion.

You know, you got the turbion on your wrist.

Why not the Bugatti turbion drive into the stage, get out.

No, my hot take about this beer pong elbow violation is I don't care about these.

I think that people who play beer pong and worry about elbow.

violations are pedantic and annoying. And I think that it violates the spirit of the game. So I think

that there's no problem with this at all. I think if you're the type of person that's like, oh, you,

you put your elbow over your nerd and you're not having fun and you're ruining the fun for

everyone. And it doesn't actually make that much of a difference, whether you threw from two

inches forward to two inches back. It's... I mean, it does make a difference, John. Yes, yes. But the

The point is to just play.

Like the gentleman, the gentleman is not, you might address it if it's habitual and it's clearly.

Shane is bringing, Shane is bringing up the bunkey in the chat.

I think Zuck is going to have to get a proper setup, get down in the bunky, spend two, three years in the bunkey.

Beer pong.

Okay.

Yeah.

No, I think the, I think the gentleman's beer pong game cannot, it doesn't need to be policed on a shot by shot basis.

if there's a habitual stepping of the line and it's actually creating an unfair advantage

because one person is following that particular rule and the other person is clearly violating it

for increased performance, then yes, it's worth calling out.

But one minor shot slightly over the line, I don't care about it.

I think cheating is wrong.

Oh, okay, you hold the line.

Law and order guy over here.

look you got to respect the spirit of the game you can't break the rules yeah but then you can wind up in this thing and be on oh you were two millimeters over it turns it into i mean this is blatant it's still a long table it's fine he's he's not like really leaning over that far he could be doing so much worse

his elbow is over but he just he just he just walked up to the table and threw the ball and also my man is down nine cups to

one, okay? Give him a break. Do you see the score?

When you're down, just start cheating, I guess. And the other team has, it's going to

have been a celebrity. He is, he is losing so badly. Give him a little break. It's his event.

He's throwing the party. He paid for the beer. Do something nice with a guy. And let him,

let him get an extra answer on the shot. It's not a big deal. See, you miss, you miss the,

you miss the, uh, the aesthetics and, uh, and the dignity that comes with.

somebody who's hosting, they're hosting.

Let them, let them win a little bit.

Are you doing the, are you doing the voices?

I don't have the IEMs now.

I can't hear what you're doing.

Has the whole thing been, Chad or the other words?

Yeah, Tyler's Chad voice.

You're sorry voice.

Okay, okay, okay, I got you.

Well, well, played, well played.

Well played.

Anyway, there's a bunch of fun things.

Alex Wang on stage,

dripped out.

People are speculating that it's,

that it's, you know, high fashion.

In fact, he corrected the record.

It's not.

He's thrifting.

He's not buying Gucci and Prada pants.

He's just wearing crocs.

Real tree crocs.

It is a big reverse because Alex Wang was on the cover of Fortune or Forbes in lubitons

and had his feet up with the red bottoms there.

And it was like, when I saw it, I was like, that's just a sick photo.

It's the barbell.

Yeah.

But it does seem like he.

like burned out on the high fashion. It's not like he's so he's like, yeah, I'm just going to dress

like this. I have my own style, which I think is very cool. So, good to see Alex Wang, you know,

on a run and delivering, yeah, just like big announcements, big progress at, you know, one of the

faster than the AI market, your business on MongoDB. Don't just build AI, own the data platform

that powers out.

Where should we go next?

Charm.

Charm. We got to talk about the charm.

Oh, yeah, the charm, the charm.

The Tomic got you.

So this was added at the last second.

Mike Isaac says, Mark does a one more thing with a new hardware device,

AI agent called Muse Charm,

voice activated and palm-sized, out in time for the holidays.

This feels super smart.

People already think Muse is super cute.

It's a...

It's a...

It's labo-enabled labubu, basically.

Which is extremely popular, like the most dominant consumer product

of the last couple of years.

And so it's distinctly sort of like outside of the tech bubble.

The quirky laboo-bobo is not like the refined edge of like a cyber truck

or even an Apple product.

But meta has been sort of not blinded by the clean aesthetics

and instead they're like, yeah, this is just a cute, fun thing.

And so people will actually like this.

They know what people like.

Avi Schiffman over at Friend responds.

The market has spent billions trying to compete with me, and I'm still winning.

Let's go.

That is the right attitude.

That being said, I don't see people really using the Muse charm that much over time.

I think it's like a fun, I think it's a fun kind of like a toy gimmick thing, but I think it's the kind of thing that people get.

It's funny.

It's worth doing for meta because it should be.

Yeah.

But they'll still be on the phone of the time.

Yeah, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be viral.

You can talk to it.

I love to these like these narrow one-off hardware devices for like one interaction.

Also, it's just like it's a, it is a more wide open space for them to.

sort of try and come into devices.

Like you have the glasses.

Then you get this.

And it's like slowly they're eating into more of the device footprint in people's lives,

even if it's at the small.

And again, I would expect them to sell this just out of loss.

It's like good marketing for the core product.

Do we have a price?

I don't think we do.

We don't have a price yet.

But this feels like something that at most you price at like $99.

But probably he tries like, again, he's selling a lot of,

hardware at negative.

People are going to wear this as a watch potentially.

Like you're going to wind up with the AP swatch

thing, right? Where people

wrap this. For your most swagless

friend.

Brutal. Give this

give this as a gift with a watch strap

to your most swagless homie this holiday

season. It's only 91 days till Christmas.

But the timing here is

amazing. I'm so

I've no real.

site, but like clearly they were working on a personal agent for a long time.

Yep.

Unclear when when this whole like personal agent meets LaBoooo-Boo thing became part of the strategy,

but it feels like, yeah, they're clearly like they have the hardware team set up, they

can move super quickly on this kind of thing.

And I think it's, I think it's fun.

You mount them to glasses so you can look straight at it and then bring around on your face.

Let's talk about some of the downstream.

Shopify is the commerce platform that grows in your business and lets you sell in seconds.

Online in store on mobile, on social, on marketplace, and now with agents.

What do you want to talk about?

The chaos.

Yeah, well, coming away from this, real challenge for instinct, everyone building personal agents, right?

We talked about this a bit, but Meta has their own models that they can,

serve themselves at the cost of, you know, energy, right? And all this CAPEX. They design their

own server racks. Like, that's how vertically integrated they are. And also, they've done a ton of

stuff talking about the data centers they're building, like, benefiting communities. They have this

whole story about all the teachers in a school district got like a pretty large cash bonus when

the data center came to town. Like, they've done a lot. Yeah. And they were, they were kind of

born to navigate through this kind of era because of what they went through in the 2010s, right?

Yeah.

Like the most veteran, like, crisis, comms.

Like, how do we navigate and question ourselves?

They're already getting attacked by the social media addiction.

Can you imagine when a data center is coming to town and the muse guy comes in, like the Michelin Man?

And he's just like, don't worry about it.

I don't like, I don't even like water.

What are you talking about?

So, instinct, wonderful product.

It's growing like wildfire still, right?

I'm still having, I'm getting texts from friends that are barely in tech being like,

Hey, I'm, I'm Steve's instinct.

He asked me to tech.

Do you want to grab a beer?

But anyways, instinct, very, very, very, very expensive to serve.

And they're not charging right now.

So they're losing a lot of money on a per user base.

They probably will be for some time.

Mews coming out and they can afford to lose money forever, basically.

And even for them, they're sort of like gating onboarding in some ways.

Like you sign up for the product and you're not necessarily ready to like fully go live.

And so even for META, MUSE is going to be expensive to scale while they figure out these sort of monetization strategies.

Of course, META is in a really good position to figure out how to make

money on this. But very, very challenging for instinct. I expect that instinct's going to need to find

like a real dance partner of sorts, right? You could imagine Google, Amazon.

Rufus. Yeah. Do you hear that? That's Rufus. Amazon Rufus.

What? No, you could imagine, you know, a Google being like, hey, we, we're going.

We can't build products that people like, but we have a lot of products that people use.

So maybe that's an option.

You can see Amazon as well.

But for them to be competitive in this full onslaught by meta, it's going to be a lot.

And same with opening eyes.

Com's advice for Noah, should he be going toe to toe trying to ratio Alex Wang?

Oh, yeah.

Because Alex is coming for it.

Well, yeah, it was crazy because Alex's started to fight punching down.

You know, there's punching up.

He literally is a hundred billion dollars.

And you're like taking shots at the at the hyperscaler.

Yeah.

And punching down, we haven't really seen from a hyperscale in a long time.

But Alex is out on the timeline just.

Yeah.

But yeah, he's, he's in a good spot.

He's in the strong position.

So, you know, let him know.

If you're going to try and come for me,

You better not mess.

I'm the king of this.

And then, of course, the other challenged competitor coming out of this is obviously Snap.

I think that I don't know how long the Spex project can really continue,

especially because I don't think that I don't think these VR glasses are going to be,

I don't think they're going to be like a mass market hit where you're just all of your friends are using them, right?

I think it's going to be like a base hit, right?

Another step in the right direction.

Not as popular as the regular meta, like smart glasses, right?

But like a cool entertainment product, they're going to sell some units.

Snap is going to sell, I would be surprised if they sold more than 10,000 units, right?

And the market is just going to keep punishing Snap as long as they keep trying to force specs to work when,

unless they have some version that we can't see that is already way better than meta.

I just don't see how they can really stay in the game after this,

especially because Apple is going to try to come over the top with their own smart glasses as soon as possible.

I mean, they should do Visionaire.

No, but I'm not expecting, like, visionary.

I don't even think that's what it would be called.

I think it'll just be called Apple Glass.

I just think everyone is in consensus that Apple should.

basically wind down the Mac project and the iOS project and focus fully on VR.

Like probably that would be like a good thing for them to do.

I don't think that, um, no, no, they're going to do glasses.

They're going to look nice.

I don't know if they'll partner with someone else.

But the cool thing for Zuck is that he's beating them to the punch on like it functions

as a hearing aid, right?

I mean, uh, the AirPods.

AirPods.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But, but in the, in the glasses format, right?

Oh, yeah.

Like, being first is, is, that's the best chance he has.

And they've been doing some good, good marketing around that with a number of users that are hearing impaired.

And it's just a, it's, it's such a minor technology, but it's huge for someone who's actually affected by hearing loss.

And then they tell a human story.

And it's, oh, what is AI doing?

It's just slop.

Well, it's helping people that are, you know, suffering from hearing loss.

here. Like, that's magic. That's amazing. That's actually, it's a medical, I mean, it's FDA. It's a medical

getting work done with AI agents, whether you're writing code, analyzing data, creating content,

or automating business workflows. Codex helps you move projects forward from start to finish.

What's going on with Australia and OpenAI? Tyler, you dug into this? So Jority shared like the high level

news, which is that as part of like the hugging face, rogue AI agents going all over,

looking for everything on the internet, that Australia had been hacked. But what actually happened

here? Yeah, I mean, I think a lot of the details are still not like fully revealed. The Australian

Prime Minister was like really up in arms, like, oh, they hacked and they didn't tell us for,

you know, weeks on end. But it seems like the consensus now is that, well, like the hack was

essentially that there were some like unlisted files that were still like publicly accessible.

Yeah.

But they're just like not listed anywhere.

Yeah.

And then the agent like found those.

Yeah.

And so they're saying like, oh, they hacked into us, but you know, there's no like real personal identity revealed at all.

And like these are, they're private in the sense that like you can't just like, you can't just like, you can't navigate them.

There's no link if you just click a button.

Yeah.

But if you're scraping, if you're doing some kind of more specific thing.

I have a funny story about that.

In 2012, uh, I had a buddy who was.

I don't know

hacker, hacker-ish

software developer

not actually like hacking into

things but just capable with

computers and he

he was scraping

the I think it was maybe

Boston Dynamics but it might have just been like a humanoid

robot company at the time

and there was a there's a tool where

you can go and get like a list of files

and URLs on a server

you can just ask for it as a

web crawler you don't actually need to

you know, click through all the links and look at the HTML.

You can just see what does this server actually have.

Let me go browse it.

And one of the images was like an artist rendering of the humanoid,

like with a gun, like full like murder bot mode that never made it to the,

to the publication.

It was never like, yeah, we're going to do that because it was like,

we're still in friendly mode.

We were like, wow.

Like that's, that's wild.

So this, I mean, this stuff has happened, you know, years ago.

And so not quite a hack.

G.R. is a hacking equivalent of elbows over the table.

Ooh. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's accurate.

Well, Jordy, did you have another one that you want to run through, or should we go to the all-important new car launch from none other than Bentley?

Let's go over to this notification from HP Smart.

What happened?

Oh, yes.

It says you're low on ink, and then never run low on.

ink again. It does sound like a threat. Tyler Wolf says, is this an ad or a warning?

It sounds like a threat. Just never do it. 8,000 likes. FAAFO. Very funny.

Flock safety is weighing whether to sell itself. Very interesting. I mean, obviously, insane

public backlash for that company. We've talked to Garrett about it. Very interesting technology,

but very, very controversial. And who would? Who would?

cities are kicking out? What kind of a quire would solve the problem?

I mean, a rebrand and then also like a taser company or something, you know,

because there are companies that compete with them directly.

Like there are plenty of axon and, like military and police, you know, product companies.

Somebody was saying, yeah, Zach Weinberg was saying,

honestly, flock should just rename itself to the license plate.

scan company since that's actually what they do and the problem might just go away. I don't know.

I don't actually go away. I think people are pretty deeply embedded. They'll chase this around for a while.

That's the thing. I just feel like Flock is having the most insane comms crisis of any company that I can

ever remember. Yeah. Right? And who wants to inherit that crisis and get that attention pointed to

them.

Totally.

Yeah.

Well, Bentley's first electric car is set to be half the price of the Ferrari

Lucche.

The launch of the luxury carmaker's torque car.

SUV is aimed at younger and first-time customers.

What do you think are they over their skis with an EV at a time when people are

sort of moving away from it?

Or does it work for this particular luxury SUV buyer?

If there's any place where having the silence of an EV,

a Bentley sort of fits.

This is the thesis with the Rules Royce Specter.

You take the engine out.

Yeah, there's some enthusiasts who might be upset,

but most people aren't buying it because they want to redline it.

So it can potentially work.

Do you think we'll be seeing a lot of these,

or will it be passed over for the Ures and the new McLareness UV potential?

Well, I don't think we're going to be seeing a lot

because Bentley is just not selling a lot of cars right now.

But I think the car looks great, minus the grill.

Minus the grill.

The grill is completely insane.

The grill looks a little bit more squared off than what I'm used to with Bentley.

Well, it's specifically like whatever lighting pattern this is.

Oh, so it might look different in sunlight, you mean?

Well, no, I just think it looks horrible.

Okay.

Well, it's smaller than the Bentega, which was the first SUV.

Like you have this like quarter of sort of very clean, sporty feeling car.

This is the company's signature diamond pattern, okay?

Put some respect on it apparently.

I'm just learning this.

No, I know, but it would just imagine how good this car would look.

How would you describe the design overall?

Would you say it's muscular?

Because that's how they're designing it, describing it.

Is it a muscular design?

I think so.

Okay.

I would agree with that.

I'm just saying I think the car looks amazing, minus this life.

Do you think it should have some more vascularity?

Maybe in a wrap, you could add some rippling veins to it to give it more of a muscular design?

No.

Instead of recreating the V8 engine noise, the EV has a propulsion sound handcrafted by musicians with a unique blend of sounds from percussion, crystal glass, birds, and the tapping of leather.

So as you drive it, it sings you a song.

The Volkswagen owned luxury brand said it had also completed a 350.

$50 million investment to design and build the Torcal at its plant and crew, bringing the total

investment in the UK automotive sector to more than $1 billion.

The EV launch comes at a challenging period for Bentley as it struggles with slowing demand

in China, fallout from Middle East conflict, higher U.S. tariffs.

As with the broader VW group, Bentley has slimmed its workforce as profits and vehicle

deliveries have declined.

It's serious.

We have to bring back the competitiveness.

We have to be quick.

We have to work harder.

you can hear this is the sound it makes when you drive it, I suppose.

You hear the, oh, it's the finger on the edge of the glass.

Can you hear that?

Well, with that sound.

Your business is AI, their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

And we are ready for our first guests.


---


Let's bring them in.

From a stealth AI security lab launching today.

Welcome to the show.

How are you?

both doing. Oh, we are going back to the timeline. Back to the timeline. There's other news.

Oh, okay. We are good. Welcome to the show. How are you doing?

Hello. Hey. Thank you for having us. Nice to see you. Thanks for hopping on. Please, since it's your

first time on the show and first time talking about this topic, please introduce yourselves

in the company. Hey, so my name is Shalev. And this is Romi. We're actually, we're actually

siblings. So I come from a decade of AI research, worked on reasoning and computer use way back,

sort of started doing AI research when I was 16, sort of finished my courses early.

Over night success. I did, I worked on surgical navigation and then reasoning models and then

verification of LMs and then AI insecurity and how foreign actors might target AI infrastructure,

stuff like that.

And that's how sort of we got to

where we are now with this company on my end.

But Romy is really the true genius, I'd say.

Well, I come from quantum security and quantum computing.

Oh, cool.

And so for the past few years,

I've been working on enhancing the security

of quantum communication networks.

This was prior to the company.

And so quantum communication networks are,

I imagine a computer network,

but at each endpoint you have a quantum device.

And so there's lots of vulnerabilities

that come alongside that.

So I invented protocols to enhance their security.

Before that, I worked on advanced methods for breaking encryption schemes,

quantum machine learning for climate prediction, a bunch of stuff.

And both of our backgrounds and security kind of brought us to this really exciting time in AI security.

What's going on right now?

Is there another sibling that's also cracked, or is it just you guys?

I think.

Doing rocket science.

We said we needed a third co-finding.

founder. That's our parents' fault for that. I would say that they don't maybe do robotics or something.

Yeah, robotics or rocket science. Where is the biggest opportunity in security and AI? I mean,

Ilya was posting about the importance of securing neocloud. There's obviously everything from

prompt injection to application layer security, securing the weights so those don't get stolen.

How do you see both the risks and the opportunities for the business?

So security is a very large stack.

In AI, there is the model behavior part of security where prompt injection, the model is going to get some prompt and do something you don't mean it to do.

That's that.

Also, I would put alignment probably also in that category.

Then there's the AI infrastructure security, which I think is a huge opportunity.

That's where we operate a lot of.

You're having this massive AI infra buildout, and it's just going so fast that security can't keep up.

And we're deploying these massively important models, which are approaching, you know, AGI or ASI, on these systems that have limited security.

And that's not good, because then it exposes you to three main risks, which is the sabotage of the models themselves, you know, degrading performance, sleeper agents, you know, inserting back doors into models, data poisoning.

And then it also exposes you to models that can escape, you know,

have we seen in Hugging Face and the German Wiki.

And, you know, we just heard about the Australian government yesterday.

Yeah.

And then the third is theft.

So this is an external actor, you know, let's say a very sophisticated intelligence service

that is breaking in to steal these weights, which compress billions and billions of dollars

of investment into a few terabytes.

Yeah.

Right?

So that's a huge, huge problem.

So I'd say there's the model behavior side and there's the AI-infra side.

Those are two big pieces of the pie.

And where are you guys starting?

Are you just like going to do the whole thing?

So today we released a report called secure acceleration.

So secureacceleration.com.

Basically what it is is there's been a lot of talk for the past few months about AI security.

Since the Hugging Face incident started, it seems like every week there's another incident that has happened.

and it's precisely because everything is moving quite quickly,

and the infrastructure is struggling to keep up.

The point of accelerating securely is, you know,

AI is going to advance,

and we need to secure the stack while it does that.

And how are you thinking about the business?

There's a world where you do all of this as a nonprofit,

you engage deeply with all the labs.

I mean, Dario Amadeh was calling for, you know,

independent auditors. There's a world where you live there. There's also a world where you're,

you know, competing with the, with CrowdStrike and you're selling, you know, solutions

to users who are maybe, you know, independent of the labs. So it's actually, it applies to almost,

it applies to the frontier labs to the neoclouds, compute providers, hypers, model developers.

Everyone really touches the compute stack in the data center stack. And this is a, you

you might think, you know, data centers are secure.

They've existed for many years,

but they have not been designed to contain super intelligence.

Right?

Yeah.

So now we have civilizations, as we saw in Hanging Faced incident,

we have civilizations within these data centers developing.

There's like multi-agent systems.

And if you think in cybersecurity, there's a Swiss cheese model.

The more agents you throw at a system,

the more loopholes they can find.

And so in the report, we talk about,

something called the cybersworm, right?

So what we saw is the cybersworm and herning face.

And the sabotage, escape, and theft model is actually,

it encompasses the risks that we are going to be seeing

and we've already been starting to see from these types of cybersworms

and cyber superintelligence.

And this is very important for all of these players to think about.

Well, congratulations on launching the report.

Where can people find it again?

Can you give me the URL one more time?

So it's secureacceleration.com.

Okay, secureacceleration.com.

Everyone should go and give it a read.

It's a white pill.

It's a solution.

I know.

I know. I wanted to have that.

We can do it.

It is dramatic.

Yes, I like it.

I like it.

It's important that we work on these things.

Please work on that whole wet lab thing.

That was risky.

But congratulations.

Thank you so much.

Yeah, great to me.

I'm sure we'll talk again.

We'll talk to you soon.

Have a good one.

Cheers, guys.

Goodbye.

Bye.

Railway is the all-in-one

intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agents

to deploy web app,

servers, databases, and more.

Well, Railway automatically takes care

of scaling, monitoring, and security.

And coming back on the show,

we have Leif from public.com,

co-founder, co-CEO.

We're very excited.

Anytime he gets a chance to join the show.

Leaf, how you doing?

My man.

What's up?

Is it cold now, lady?

It's always cold in the.

ultradome. We have no light.

It's a windowless room. It is.

It is. It's a windowless room. So I get to

pretend like any, there's

whatever conditions outside.

I'm pretty sure it's like 72 and sunny today.

Let me actually check the weather. It's 78

degrees, Jordi. It's not cold

at all. But it is

a little chilly in here. How is it in New York?

It's fine. It's getting a little cool.

It's crisp. I like when it's crisp out.

It is crisp. That's how

I would put it.

I'm still, I'm still metric system, so it's like 18, 17.

Is it putting you in the Christmas spirit?

Of course.

91 days.

91 days.

91 days left.

Well, lots to do between then and now.

What are you launching through the end of the year?

What did you just launch?

Take us through the latest in public world.

So today we've launched AI agents for prediction markets.

Like our take on that twofold.

Number one, again, public is a multi-asset investment platform as your ad read likely states

every single day, hopefully.

And as part of that, obviously, prediction markets, aka event contracts, is something

that people are also asking for.

Our take on that is no sports, no entertainment, but essentially events that could impact

your portfolio, right?

Events that moves the markets.

So, you know, economics, things around companies, you know, and so on.

But then on the other end, obviously, we have.

AI agents built into the platform.

And so that combination creates some really interesting things.

Like the one example I right now always make all day long here is, you know, if you

see that the market where the probability of a rate hike goes above 70%, sell my treasuries,

for example.

And so you can suddenly, you know, not just trade the events as you can do it, you know, in many

places, but you can also use the kind of real-time probability, you know, as a signal to do

other things in your portfolio.

There could be trades.

It could be alerts, risk management, whatever you might want to do.

Yeah, that's so interesting because that rate example makes a lot of sense.

And yet I go to that like Reddit meme of like, it's all priced in, everything's priced in.

And because the yield curve of the treasury market, it is a prediction market.

And so you could just trade the underlying asset.

But at the same time, psychologically, people do go to prediction markets for this thing in the very real sense.

So how do you think about the way the user actually engages with this?

Is this something that was like customer pull, like they were already doing this behavior?

It makes sense to centralize it.

What are the benefits of actually having it all in one place?

Yeah.

I mean, number one, yes, we had obviously some people asking for it.

You know, as new as this instrument is, I think it very quickly also becomes something

that at least certain people are expecting you to have, you know, to have, you know, to have,

And then secondly, obviously, like four AI agents in public, with anything we add to the platform,

adds basically power and capability to the AI agents.

And so any asset class we launch, any data source we add, you know, just makes it more encompassing

and, you know, makes it smarter in a way and, you know, creates more opportunities for people

to do something with it.

And obviously, like, we can't predict every single thing someone will do with these things

because it's very open-ended.

But it kind of, you know, creates more kind of tools that are also.

for people to be creative with it.

Obviously, like, when it comes to these markets,

we always say, like, it is a signal,

not just the signal, you know?

So as much as they're called prediction markets these days,

you know, I would still, you know, put it as a,

it's one signal, it's not the signal.

Sure.

Yeah.

You can predict, but yeah.

Talk more about the decision not to do sports markets

because it's one of those things.

Like, this feels like entirely like a principal decision.

staying true to the mission of the company

because even though you guys

might feel a certain way about sports markets,

I'm sure you have hundreds of thousands of users

that actually would like you to have them

and would use them if you offered them,

but it doesn't feel like you think that's in their long-term best interest.

Yeah, I would say it's always important

that you know who you're designing for.

And you might have other customers as well

and you might acquire those customers,

I think it's very important to know who you're designing for.

And for us, we're designing for always like that top quarter on the US, right?

Like people that have money left over at the end of the month, they can put into the markets.

We handle people's life savings.

And so these are folks that take their investing seriously.

And they, you know, truly, you know, manage their all encompassing portfolios and

retirement funds and all that in a public account.

And so with that, there's a certain seriousness that comes with it.

And I would argue that like things like sports entertainment contracts is more like

entertainment finance, right? And so we think it's, it's, it is, it's just logical for that to kind of

have an arm's length from your actual, you know, portfolio and so on. And then the kind of

principle that we look at again is this notion of events that could have an impact on the markets

and therefore on your portfolio at large. And there, you know, there are certain use cases where

it makes sense to engage in these markets, you know, like one example we always make is if you, you know,

we've all been in this moment where we had like a very defined specific idea on like an earnings call of a company, right?

And we ended up being right.

And the stock still dipped and we lost money on the trade.

And it was not because, you know, we were wrong on what we thought of what happened last quarter.

But it was because the CEO said something stupid on the earnings call or, you know, the outlook that they presented was different than the analysts expected or whatever.

Or like oil prices spiked that day.

And so there was an exterior factor.

And so sometimes for people to do the ability to dissect the company's performance in their KPIs and being able to place a trade on very specific kind of sub-kpIs of a company can have a very good, you know, kind of use case as well.

And so those things for us makes sense, right? And I would tell us a little story of like, I've used Kalshi myself the other day when we were the U.S. Open and I had my German homeboy a swear.

It was obviously, you know, killing it. And I was sitting there, you know, placing these trades.

Like, as amazing as this backhand is, like, it's not moving the markets.

Yeah.

And so I think there's a very clear kind of line to be drawn there.

And again, you can have long discussions about where you draw the line

between speculation gambling.

And everyone will have their subjective kind of, you know, arguments on where that should be drawn.

But we feel like there's a very obvious line to be drawn for us in these markets.

And that's basically there.

What about the New York Knicks?

They're owned by Madison Square Garden.

It's a public company.

If the Knicks go on a crazy run, then maybe the stock moves.

Manchester United also publicly traded so you can own the actual asset.

Yeah, I would definitely, more sports betters should get into just owning the teams.

I feel like that's where the money's made.

You see it every day.

Just steadily compound.

Yeah, just steadily compound for sure.

That's very funny.

What is driving top line growth for you these days?

Are there specific channels?

Is there anything like secular trend going on in the market?

What's actually working in terms of,

in terms of just overall as obvious and stupid as it sounds,

but like AI agents for us is that obviously like it's the main core topic.

We see a lot of large,

sophisticated accounts come in.

Like we had a guy come in who was with UBS wealth management,

fired his wealth management team,

moved $50 million, $50,000 into a public account.

and now has AI agents managing his portfolio, mostly basically doing like covered calls and, you know, generating income and like on the back of that.

Yeah.

And I think, and those are things that we see happen every single day.

And it's interesting to see how kind of that first cohort that actually sees the most use in it in the eye agents and public have been very sophisticated, wealthy people that have these like complexities and have these idea for these like specific strategies that they want to execute on.

and so on.

Well, and is it typically because they were historically paying management fees to get those

capabilities and then they're realizing like, hey, this is basically like software code that I'm paying

for.

Not your capabilities.

Just like the actual execution strategy.

And so if you have an AI agent that can do that for you on a repeat basis, yeah, yeah,

you can like on the fly.

Texas harvesting is another great example.

Like we have people who basically just do portfolio by Texas harvesting using an agent.

Sure.

Yeah.

And it's a very simple strategy.

that people want to want to put in their portfolio.

But again, Texas Harvesting makes most sense if you have a sizable portfolio where the tax

losses actually make a difference in your life.

And so again, it kind of applies more to people who are, you know, who have a decent account

size and, you know, some sophistication.

Yeah, yeah, that makes a ton of sense.

Well, congratulations on the launch and the progress.

Thank you so much for coming on the show.

Great.

I actually have only one ad read left for the show and it's none other than public.

I'm not making this up.

for those who take it seriously.

We've got stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service.

Thanks for hopping on the show.

Fantastic.

Great to see you.

Excited to hang soon.

Have a good one.

Goodbye.

Up next, we have the founder of TypeSafe AI.

You saw Jev launch, massively viral launch, and we have the founder and CEO here to break it down for us.

The new model's faster, structured decisions, software can use it directly.

A lot of excitement, a lot of questions to answer.


---


so let's bring in Diego.

How are you doing?

Welcome to the show.

You win so great, so sleep deprived.

Oh, really?

And so excited.

Sleep deprived because you're...

No time to sleep.

Everyone's onboarding and everyone's,

and demand is through the roof.

Is that what's going on?

Or is it fundraising?

Everything.

Everyone wants to talk.

Like, everything.

Every customer wants it.

Like, as far as I know,

all the companies I've ever heard of are using us.

Yeah.

And the systems are on fire on dimensions.

I've never even known where possible.

and I'm like a back end guy.

So I imagine

back up a little bit

when you launch this

like where what was your expectation

I'm assuming you felt like

you had something pretty cool

Polish launch.

It's going to be a hit.

I don't think that this launch could have been

expected if I'm like totally frank.

It's like I've planned for a lot of scenarios

it's above a hundredth percentile.

People are calling it like a chat GPT

for developers and that shouldn't even

be possible because chat GPT is a

consumer product.

Like, why, how is this happening?

And I have my own hypotheses, but it's insane, you know?

I imagine you've at this point honed the elevator pitch, but just for anyone who is

not familiar with Jev and the product and the value, how are you breaking it down for people

these days?

Oh, I have not honed the elevator pitch.

I will try.

I will try.

People just tolerate my, like, overly intense teching.

Sure.

But I would say the simple version is make AI actually fucking useful for automation.

I hope I concurrence.

But I think AI underpromise over-deliverer, over-promise under-deliver has been a major issue.

Major issue for years.

And it's been like automating almost nothing.

And I think people are like super fucking frustrated with that.

Okay.

I saw I saw people like there are trade-offs when you go for speed and reliability and you want to over-deliver.

What are you giving up?

What can Jeff not do?

When is it not the right tool for the job?

Oh, there's a couple of dimensions for that.

One of them is it doesn't generate strings.

So, like, it will not write code for you,

and it will not address the largest market for LMs right now,

which is coding agents.

I think that that's perfect because actually what I want to do

is, like, not the superhuman math,

but the really boring automation.

You know, like, why can't, like,

simple data entry be solved in accounting and customer service?

Sure.

Another trade-off is it doesn't do what we call System 2,

thinking, like mathematical reasoning.

Sure.

It's really focused on instinctive judgment.

Okay.

So then instinctive judgment can be subjective.

One company can have a policy.

They want to automate their accounting workflows one way.

They have a definition for what is gap profit.

The other one has a different one.

So how much, like, you know, one shot or like preloading into like a context window

is happening versus like talking to you, doing some fine tuning?

Like what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what,

terminology actually does carry over from what we know and what is entirely new.

So I would say like the former is the most accurate thing, but the real thing that's happening is this logic actually would go in code.

So LLMs don't play nicely with code, usually like a lot of properties about LMs.

And the logic you're describing should happen in code instead of like in a system message.

The classic example of this is LLM does something bad and the way to prevent it is say, pretty please don't do that in the system message on top.

And you just have to pray it doesn't get context rotted out of it.

And it keeps on listening.

Yeah, a lot of these things, you're sort of like begging for JSON,

begging for it to be structured the right way.

And it's not guaranteed to be that way.

It might be that way very reliably.

And people have worked around that, but it's not 100%.

Right.

Exactly.

And we are not 100% either.

That would be like crazy to guarantee intelligence.

But what we try to do is we try to encourage the best practices and we try to be

calibrated.

So this is another problem with AI.

Like, it might be able to be like Einstein 95% of the time, but Mr. Bean, the other 5% of the time.

But if it doesn't tell you if it's in like Einstein or Mr. Bean mode, like, how are you going to automate anything, right?

But like, calibration.

It's just a funny reference, but I love it.

It's really funny.

Thank you.

Yeah. Einstein shot at Salesforce, Mr. Bean, AI.

They need that as well.

So, yeah, where, so you're, I mean, you mentioned like the servers are on fire.

Are you compute constrained in the same way?

Are you looking for like large like GPU clusters and systems?

Or does some of the knockout effects of like the speed of the system that I've seen on display?

Can it also run on like more commodity hardware?

Are there any different elements to how you should think about your compute scaling?

Or is it going to look like any other NeoLab?

Extremely different from other Neo Labs.

Like like you know, people know that about a year,

and a half ago you raised less than $40 million. You can't get NeoLab compute with less than $40 million.

And also, you can't build a profitable AI company with that, yet we have because we are just

innovating. You know, we're just doing different stuff that everyone else is. So we have extremely

different compute needs. Actually, the bottleneck changes every single day. I think it's just

growing pains of scaling a system. Like, you can't grow at the rate that we're growing without

realizing, like, hey, our system was not designed for this level of stuff.

Got it.

So it's a constant battle there.

I saw some pushback that I didn't really fully understand, but I'd love for you to sort

of break down what people are saying and how you'd respond to it.

This idea that like this is innovation, but it's also a return to a prior era, a classifier

model.

Some people are like, well, we've always had this.

And like personally from this perspective, I don't care.

Because if we need to pull something old off the shelf and it's amazing and it's delivering

value, that's great. But is that, is that real? Is that a good criticism? Is that completely

misinformed? How do you process that idea that this is actually building on the shoulders

of giants from years ago? Or a lost art. Or a lost art, yeah. Yes. So, I can curse, right?

Please, we, we tend not to, but do whatever you need to. Do it. Just rip it. Heck yes. It's fine. It's

fine. I'll try to be controlled. I'm sorry if it gets off the rails. I love this question so much.

Heck yes. Heck yes, it's a classifier. Is it just a classifier? No, but classifiers are awesome.

Classifiers were not constructed because like a mathematician would think it's like a fun thing to do.

A classifier is designed to make intelligence useful in systems. That is why everything was classifiers

before Gen AI, because it was made for usefulness, not for demos or playing around.

And actually, we don't take all of the ML1.0 concepts, right?

Some of them don't apply.

What we do is we try to unlock the best that, like, AI of today has, and some of that

doesn't apply.

But, like, the other stuff definitely does.

This calibration thing of, like, telling you when it doesn't know, that is table stakes

for simple automation.

How can you have it, like, run in the background and process something that would, like,

normally require an accountant if you don't have, like, extreme guarantees in how smart

it is.

So absolutely, it's a classifier.

and this is the kind of thing that I think ML people really don't get with our launch.

Like, this is a launch for developers.

Yes, yes.

I totally get that.

Is there a version of this?

You know the story?

I mean, you would know whether or not it's apocryphal of like Google had LLMs.

They invented the transformer.

They had a product that was similar to ChatGPT and they didn't launch it that quickly.

Is there a world where a technology like this maybe exists inside of a hyperscaler

and they just haven't actually gotten it out into the world?

Or do you think that that's less likely to be the case?

I would guess that either I'm a clown or it's extremely unlikely.

We worked really hard on this.

When I started, I was one of the best in the world at pre-training, post-training, sorry.

And I thought it would take a week.

So I would be...

And actually, when I first, yes, when I first started, I thought this is such obviously the way to go.

Okay.

It's so obvious that for sure Anthropics working on this already, Open AI is cooked.

I was at Open AI when I first started thinking about this direction.

And it just seems so obvious to like someone who's at the intersection of developer and researcher,

but so non-obvious to pure researchers.

Yeah.

Wild.

What's this thing that you're wearing?

Oh.

Pink or their shirt?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, I guess both.

It's our tamedest shirt, anti-language language-mage model.

Technically, it's not a language model, but it is a sick brand, so we wear it.

And this is my classic Tammu $20 pink for soap.

There you go.

Well, thanks so much for coming on the show and breaking it down.

Congrats on the progress.

I can only imagine how busy you are.

Good luck with, I'm sure, a new round and serving all that demand.

We'll talk to you soon.

Have a good one.

Heck yeah.

See around.

Bye.

Goodbye.

See, yeah.

That's a lot of fun.

Great energy.

On next, we have the co-founder and CEO of Sulkah Industries, Human Reza Nazad.

Let's bring Human in to the TV.

We've been Altru now.

How are you doing?

Welcome to the show.

Well, it's good on.

Good to see you.

What was that?

We just made our announcement today.

Tell you about it.

Announce.

Announce.

Yes.

Wait, so, yeah, sorry.

Reset.

What is the announcement?

Take us through it.

So,

Silcoa is a rare earth metallizer.

We produce the metals of power and motion.

The metals are going to any electric car, any fighter jet, data center, your phone, wind turbine.

And we are completely unable to make these metals in the West.

Silicon is changing that.

We just raised $75 million for our Silcoa One project.

It's our 500-ton-ton-for-year rare earth metalization plant in Nevada.

And it's the first step we're taking to market.

How much of this is like the Redwood Materials playbook where you're using rare earths

that have already gone through been used

and you're recycling them versus engaging

with mining companies to get new raw materials

out of the ground and then refine them.

So when we chatted the first time I was on here,

we were a recycler.

So almost all of our production was from rare scrap.

We could take material from hard drives from cars.

About a year ago, we moved to primary metal making.

So now we worked exclusively with mines.

We take virgin mine ore that has been refined

and then we convert that to metals.

We did that because of scale.

It's just hard to get.

at the volume of recycled material we need.

So today, we do a little bit of recycling for a few customers,

but almost all of our production is primary version material.

What is the state of rare earth mining in America?

Everyone's heard the catchphrase, like the rare earths aren't actually rare.

They're just stuck in the ground and we don't really mine them.

But it feels like the timeline to set up a new mining capability in America

would be longer than your timeline.

So there's some sort of mismatch there.

So how much is that a reality?

What are you running into? Where are the bottlenecks? What's the state of the American rare earth mining industry?

So contrary to popular belief, we do mine in the West, right? We have an enormous rare earth mine in Australia. There's one in the U.S. in California. There's other dozens of projects scaling up across the West. There is mineral sands deposits in the U.S. and elsewhere. The actual raw feedstock is not rare. It is produced in the West. The bottleneck is what you do after. It is the processing. That is something that we are completely unable to do in the West.

Now, we actually invented these processes in America, right?

America has a history of incredible work and metallurgy.

The example I gave in the announcement was Charles Martin Hall with Alcoa, a 22-year-old in a woodshed on Ohio,

he drove the price of aluminum down 98%.

The technologies used to make raref in China today are American technologies from the Manhattan Project.

So we did this at one point, and we built this technology in these systems, and then we shipped it to China.

And China dominated, they matured it, they took over.

And now in the West, it has become incredibly difficult to be able to bring those technologies back

and where we can actually compete in the free market.

It's very expensive, it's very dirty.

Yeah, there are two stories that people tell about why this capability went to China.

One is labor costs was cheaper over there.

They were developing nation, and it was able to, you know, new people coming out of poverty

so you can pay much lower wages.

The other one is more about the effects of industrialization, ecological effects,

the fact that, you know, nimbism, no one wants a mind.

in their town that's dirtying up the water.

So put it halfway across the world.

Which one of those speaks to you more?

Is it a combination?

And how are we overcoming those in America?

Well, it's both.

The first thing that happened was the environmental repercussions, right?

There's the enormous molycorp deposit in the U.S.

That was one of the first major various projects in the world.

There was a lot of scandals and a lot of issues several decades ago regarding the environment.

I mean, we have deposits a thorium in them.

and legion to the ground.

So that's one of the initial triggers that actually shipped a lot of that production to China.

And then we effectively gave all the technology to the Chinese, right?

And Chinese companies sort of the buying up, buying off American various companies.

And they were able to take it, scale it.

And once that happened, it was the economics that took over, right?

Their cost of labor is 10 times less.

Or cost of power is a third.

So we really just could not compete with China if we were just copying that same technology stack again.

It was impossible.

The economics don't close.

And still to this day, the economics, the economics don't close.

But the geopolitical considerations sort of overweigh that.

Like, there's a lot of defense companies that have to buy American.

And so the indigenous supply chain is pulling forward, correct?

100%.

But the fence is only one part of the market, right?

At the end of the day, we want to beat China at scale.

We want to be the de facto rare producers around the world.

And as that demand surges, we have to be able to compete in a free market.

We can't just subsidize forever.

And I think the only way we do that,

And the only way we can win that next industrial era on the merits of our technology is we develop that technology, right?

And if we can drive the cost down.

And there's a lot of room for improvement.

Rare earth processing today is very inefficient.

There's no reason it should be done the way it's being done today.

It just happened to have been status quo in the 80s.

And that's what we're copying again.

So at Salcoa, our vision is we need a new generation of much more effective technology.

And that's what we did with our first chemistry that we're now scaling in Azzlo, 1 in Nevada.

And then we're planning to continue doing that as we go forward.

Yeah.

George, please.

Super impressive last year for you.

I'm assuming it's been about a year since you were first on the show.

But how have you grown the team?

Where are you guys based?

It sounds like this new hub in Nevada is not where like the primary, you know, the engineering is going to be.

But what's the status of everything?

This building I'm in right now is Sultuo Alameda.

This is our engineering, R&D, pilot operations hub.

This is where we've been for the past year.

And then Nevada is just production.

That's just about three or four hours away from us today.

So this is still the primary base of Salkoa.

This is where we're developing a new generation of processes.

And then once a process is matured and ready, we deploy it to our Nevada site.

Amazing.

So you have the money.

You raise $75 million for this new facility, 500 tons of material for permanent magnets.

When is that coming online?

Who will you sell it to?

Are you already doing biz-dev deals with car makers, robotics companies?

You mentioned defense being just one small piece of the market.

Is there a 800-pound gorilla on the buying side that everyone sort of needs to figure out how to work with?

Or is a very diffuse market?

Well, defense is a smaller part of the market, but it's a very important part of the market, right?

So, Silicon has two products.

We make NDPR for the auto sector and also a little bit for defense.

and then we make samaria.

Samarium is almost exclusively used in defense.

It's using up 35s, et cetera,

using these high power, high temperature magnets,

using guided missiles.

China is one of the only producers of Sumerian.

China banned the export of it.

So there is this enormous shortage in the defense market right now for Sumerium,

which is why we launched that product and why we're selling that.

And then NDPR, the majority of that goes to the auto sector, right?

So we sell to Magnetakers, major auto companies.

We sell to the defense market.

And all of that, all that starts at scale in July, July 4th of next year,

when we're commissioning,

select what I want for both of those products.

But it sounds like

the supply chain is so deep and complex

that you're not calling Ford

to get your magnets in the next Mustang Maki.

You're going to go to a, you know,

a motor manufacturer,

an electric motor manufacturer,

and then they will wind up supplying to Ford or something like that.

We do both.

So after China's railroads restrictions,

in April of last year,

there was a significant shortage

and there still is a significant shortage of the materials.

Ford, you mentioned, shot down a factory

because they just couldn't offer sure enough

of these materials. So the automakers we find

are actually becoming very involved in the upstream.

They're actually sourcing the raw oxides

and raw metals themselves so they can have a stockpile

and have that access to that, have control of that

part of the supply chain and they can then toll it

through their magnet production partners. So we work directly with

automakers. We work with the magnet makers

directly with primes. So we're involved

across all components of that

downstrip supply chain. I love it. I love it.

congratulations and thank you so.

Insanely impressive.

You are announcing fundraising today.

Is that correct?

That is correct.

How much does you raise?

75 million.

Thank you for doing what you're doing.

It's important.

Amazing progress.

Have a great rest of your day.

We'll talk to you soon.

Goodbye.

Up next.

What a year.

We got Jordan Nanos from Semi-Analysis coming back on the show.

We're going to get to the bottom of this whole AI thing.

Do you think there's anything there?

We'll figure it out.

Jordan, this AI thing people are talking about.

You think, is there there?

Yeah, I think so.

A little suspicious, but I've been using it.

You've been using it?

I don't trust it, but I use it eight hours a day.

Check it out.

Now, things are good.

Reset on Cluster Max and then let's go into 3.0.

How long have you been working on this?

What does it take to actually rank all of the

neoclouds, which of course is a semi-analysis coinage, which I think is awesome.

And then how do you deal with all the pressure that you get from every neocloud?

Probably following you around and threatening to break your legs if they don't make it into platinum tier.

Yeah, the words in the Cambridge Dictionary we found out as of last year.

So we're proud of that one.

Yeah, a coinage.

That's so good.

Yeah, it's been four or five months of hard work on ClusterMax 3, the last major.

version was November of last year. So the big focus was the new B300 GPUs and 800 gig networks.

That was a lot of work testing with everybody. Neoclouds are at the center of the world right now.

So many of these companies that you guys have on the show raise tens, hundreds of millions of dollars and then give like 90% of it to a neocloud and trust them as a partner.

So the decision they make is super critical. And we're proud to give our.

take on our experience doing hands-on testing and talking to all these guys.

Yeah, how much of it is there's a spec sheet that comes from a neocloud, then you have to fact-check

that. You actually have to run a test with them. Are you also doing the occasional site visit

and actually seeing what they, their infrastructure? Like, what is the process for assessing

the claims? Because every, every neocloud is going to say that are the best, right?

Cheapest, fastest. Yeah, all the above.

thinnest, newest.

Probably biggest.

Best looking.

Thickest.

That's dressed.

Yeah.

We have done some site visits.

I mean, it's part of our consulting business more so than the ClusterMax research itself.

I think for ClusterMax, yeah, it's a bit about validating that the claims that they're making publicly are real when we do our hands on testing.

It's also about getting in there and putting the cluster through its paces.

So we do a bunch of performance testing.

And most recently for this one, we've also been.

digging in on some research of how to simulate failures and see how the providers respond.

Probably the most critical piece of decision criteria that people use when it comes to really big providers

who might have roughly the same GPUs, the same amount on the same schedule for a similar price is like,

who can I trust, who is going to be reliable.

And so we simulate failures.

We identify how long it takes them to identify when a failure occurs, how long it takes them to recover.

And the spread is massive.

Like top providers do this in 20 minutes and to end.

They have hot spare pools available so that they can make these changes.

Some of the providers down the list, we simulate a failure or we actually induce real

hardware failures on certain ones when they let us.

And it'll sit there for hours, days.

They don't identify it.

We have to let them know to make the replacement.

When that happens, it takes hours, maybe even a day or longer sometimes.

That's like, you know, time is money in the world of neoclods.

And if people don't trust you to make these replacement.

placements.

It's, you know, that's a big issue.

Is there a fear that they know you're going to be checking them out on a particular

day?

They're going to be on their best behavior.

And you mean the next version of ClusterMax will be more of like a secret shopper

program.

You'll come in dressed as just a NeoLab through a partner.

And then all of a sudden a failure happens.

And they're like, yeah, well, like I'm, I'm pretending to just be an average customer.

Yeah.

I mean, that's why in our imagery, we have the Michelin Man, uh, cutting up a nice piece of

neocloud to see how they're going to rate on the three stars.

To me,

to me it's notable that, you know,

that this is,

these neoclouds are opting in and then they're having issues and they know they're having,

they should know they're having issues or they should be paying more attention because

they're getting graded and there's still that gap between a 20 minute fix and a multi-day fix

or having to be notified that there's an error.

I would expect that, um,

I think that's probably just because,

there's so much demand everywhere and they're saying like, why have this customer paying me like,

you know, a billion dollars a year? And then I have you who's just like grading me. And

technically, like, you know, it's hard to say, like, who's more important, right? Is it,

the customer should probably come first, but at the same time, this will impact future

relationships. Overall, outside of these like edge cases and errors and reliability and things

like that. Is there, what can you say about like general performance? Like, is the gap growing

between different providers or is it shrinking? I'm curious if it ties it all to what we're seeing,

like at the at the frontier, whether it's closed or open models where there's different points

where you feel like the gap is shrinking or it's growing. And I'm wondering if there's any ties to

this. Yeah, for sure. So in terms of performance, I think the biggest thing that we see change between

providers is the network design.

The difference in how you set up a network for 100,000 GPUs is quite different than 10,000

and even smaller.

And some providers are going with non-standard networks.

In other words, they don't buy the switches and the NICs from Nvidia.

Instead, they build them themselves.

I'm looking at Amazon EFA as an example there.

But others are just deciding to go with Infiniband instead of Rocky, two different

invidia options.

This can really affect performance.

The other thing is just configuration.

To the downside?

Yeah, to the downside.

And it's not necessarily that the physical hardware has any significant issue in it.

It's that let's say you are a customer and you're trying to use some open source piece of software.

So the VLM or SG Lang for inference comes out and they've got some new feature.

The people who have developed that software have likely been using an Nvidia network.

Almost exclusively they use Nvidia networks.

So how long does it take for you to get that?

software supported and performing well on your custom network.

I mean, this delay can be months.

And again, time is money.

So do these guys want to wait and think about their network for four months,

waiting for that new feature for KV Cash offloading to be supported?

People get frustrated.

And so they want the Nvidia standard on the networking.

And it's this balance between like a proper design up front while also having the

skill set on the team to be able to set things up, make upgrades to software, to

firmware, support people with what they're trying to do. And reliability plays into this, too.

If you're constantly having hardware failures, like I said before, all of a sudden, jobs are

failing. They're not finishing. Researchers are getting frustrated. So I think reliability underpins a

lot of that, but software support, network design, even storage can really affect performance as well.

What is Nebius doing so well that they made it to platinum?

them. They're serving this middle tier of the market. Corweave has set the standard. I mean, they are the best in terms of technology, this reliability stuff I'm talking about. They just have so much data for monitoring. I mean, these guys deploy 10,000 GPUs a week at the peak when they're like building data centers. And so that, you know, that's incredible. But like, their balance sheet is full. There's only so many people that you can marshal in resources to build out another gigawatt when they're going on.

of 1.5 and beyond. So Nebius has really capitalized on this middle tier of the market,

which is not small. Like I said, this is customers who are coming to us and saying,

hey, I saw you write such good things about CoreWeave. I just have $100 million.

I'm trying to give it to them. They're telling me they can't accept it until May of next year

because they're backed up. And therefore, Nebius has been capitalizing. And they've also executed

very well. Like the technology that they've developed is strong. We think that managed clusters are

approaching like this feature complete world,

where it's hard to tell the difference in quality between Nevis and CoreWeave.

Certainly our testing experience has been really solid on both of them.

And our experience with these providers is actually that they're moving to other aspects of the business.

So they're going into these big bare metal deals at which we are not ranking bare metal here.

Nevius and Corweave, there are differences there.

And then inference endpoints, RL infrastructure, all sorts of stuff that we're going to be testing in the future where there is differences.

And these guys are not necessarily the household names and inference endpoints as the leaders right now.

They have the offerings, but there's others that are ahead of them.

Yeah, this seems really relevant to that mid-slot of the market, inference-heavy companies, Neo Labs.

But are the big labs able to take something valuable away from this?

Or are they doing things at such a unique scale that this is maybe a little less relevant because they're going to be talking to,

one of these

providers as like

we're going to build something together

and it's going to be exactly

to our specification so we're not

even really interested in what your

stock configuration is.

Look

the Frontier Labs read ClusterMax. They take it in a consideration.

I'm not going to say they like outsource their thinking

to us, but

they certainly do their own due diligence.

Yeah. But look,

they have everything. They have

their own self-build sites that are 100,000 to 400,000 GPUs in size.

And then they also have smaller clusters.

Okay.

So they need it for both.

Yeah, because they're doing everything.

That's very interesting.

It comes into play.

I mean, especially in a world where there's so much demand, this is why we've seen SpaceX

basically pivot and become a neocloud and sell to Anthropic and Google so successfully

because those guys are buying from anybody who in this case could turn on 200,000 GPUs

overnight.

And so therefore they paid like a 3x premium to get in.

there? Yeah. Is SpaceX on ClusterMax? I actually didn't see. Yeah, we threw them in the unavailable

tier. We were ready to test them when they are ready to have us tested. That's exciting. Well,

we're rooting for them to make. Last question from me for now, how has there been like crazy

neocloud talent wars? Like I imagine the smart thing to do a year ago if you're spinning up a new

neocloud is such like try to poach as much as you can from CoreWeave and like try to take over

some of that, you know, knowledge and expertise.

Yeah, and it's across the entire supply chain.

So we see this in like the SREs you might think about that command like million dollar

salaries and a bunch of equity and get this idea that they should start a neocloud for

themselves and some have and some are being successful there, kind of going out on their own.

But we also see this in like electricians, data center technicians, operators, like the,

all of this stuff depends on being able to.

to build a facility and like salaries for electricians in Louisiana and Abilene, Texas and all these

other places that we're tracking are like up three to five X.

Crusoe just came in and paid these guys so much more money.

And they're out of people.

They need to train.

And I think this is just what we're seeing across the entire industry.

No matter what job we're talking about, people just need to be trained.

And that's the most successful neocloughs that we are seeing have this pipeline to take talent from other related areas.

and get them contributing to the, you know, neocloud management day two operations world,

where a software engineer can start to work as an SRE on one of these teams and

somebody who's good at front end can work on back end performance and stuff like that.

And I expect we're going to see, well, we are definitely seeing cross-training of people

who do real work on the ground like electricians and stuff like that as well.

On that, on that like reallocation of capital labor resources,

it feels like the first big narrative around the neocloss.

Cloud Boom was like pivoting from crypto mining to AI inference and GPU compute.

Is there is there another wave coming?

Is there another source of NeoCloud talent and energy and capital or is every neocloud

it feels like have all the crypto miners pivoted at this point?

Are there still some holding out?

Well, I think the next the next wave is is the like inference platforms, the base tens, the modals.

Like they're going to have to own chips.

Oh, and if they do, then they would become a neocloud.

And how do you expect those players to do when as they move into spinning up their own sort of like power shells and getting their own GPUs?

In some ways, it feels like they'll be very well positioned because they're already used to working with different providers and seeing the pros and cons of different approaches.

But what's your view?

I agree with that. And I think that the people who have been customers about NeoCloud know exactly what are good services that they should be offering. And so I think they'll have good opinions. I also think that they are driven to do this by like real customer demand. And so in some ways they don't have an option. They just have to buy this stuff for themselves. I think they will, you know, be successful. Some of them already are going to that mix of managed capacity versus self-build. The other thing I think you might be overlooking is the chip startups. So like.

Cerebris has become a neoclode.

GROC, the Remainco after the Nvidia Aquaire, is buying Nvidia GPUs and spinning up a neocloud

others like San Binova are doing this themselves.

We see OpenAI Halapino that's going to go into self-build sites.

I mean, ship companies are like, not only do I need to battle in the supply chain for allocation

at like TSM and the memory providers, I also need to go get my data centers set up.

I need to learn about construction.

I need to learn about day two operations.

Who's going to train people to repair a Cerebris, wafer skills?

engine in their 250 megawatts of compute they're bringing on in the next couple of years.

Well, it's them.

They need to build that capability in-house.

And frankly, I think they're going to realize a bunch of benefits to their margin profile

for doing this instead of having this like stack of other people that you depend on.

Do it all yourself.

I mean, do it end to end.

AWS, Google, they already prove you can do this with TPU and Traneum.

I think this chip startups are going to do that as well.

And then last comment throwaway is just that there are.

lots of crypto miners to unlock. And there's also these legacy clouds that haven't gotten into

GPUs. I'm thinking about cloud flare should be unlocked, Akamai. We just saw Iron Mountain,

the guys who do all the tape backup, they're going to do GPUs. I mean, all of these companies

that have experience running data centers, why not run GPU data centers too? You should be

getting into this as well. So just going to keep seeing more and more people take this seriously

and try to make money off it. What is the state of the, uh,

mixed GPU Neo Cloud.

How many are pure plays?

They're Invidia shops or their AMD.

And then how many are trying to actually rack multiple chips?

Even if it's in multiple data centers, they at least have both available.

And does that give them leverage?

Like what are you actually seeing?

And then what is the strategy?

For the guys who play it well, it seems like they basically partner with

Nvidia on the way up.

And then they start partnering with others to get some negotiation leverage.

and they do both.

You know,

hyperscaler would be the goal

where you could have a self-built chip program

and you can also buy from NVIDIA

and get preference there.

But you've got to be big to do that.

And so people who try to do this from the start,

I don't see them being as successful

because you need that partner to help you grow to start.

Yep.

And, you know, if NVIDIA starts showing preference

to certain people and not others,

I mean, that's like they make or break your business in some ways.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, maybe another thing.

Yeah, yeah.

Please.

Yeah, maybe another thing about the, like the custom chip programs and stuff is just that the, the way you build a neocloud is like driven by the workload.

And so big pre-training clusters can look a lot different than inference clusters.

And there's a whole bunch of people building for RL right now.

And like we look at environments and sandboxes is a really big important thing that you need data centers full of chips that are not GPUs.

because they're mimicking the behavior of your phone or your laptop during training.

And so there's lots of ways to get into this space if you understand the workload.

You don't necessarily need to deploy the latest and greatest in video GPUs.

And for what it's worth of semi-analysis,

we're going to be testing all of it in the coming months.

Yeah, I think there was reporting that OpenAI bought like 10,000 Mac minis or something for maybe computer use stuff.

And you could imagine like a neocloud of Android phones in the future,

a neocloud of iPhones or something.

as people try and do more RL.

Fascinating stuff.

Congratulations on the launch.

Very cool.

Excited to talk to you again.

We'll have our best to the team.

Yeah.

Thanks for having me, guys.

We'll see you soon.

Goodbye.

Up next, Pioneer Labs, co-founder and CEO, Erica Alden,

then David Indictus, welcome to the show.


---


Let's bring them in.

How are you doing?

Welcome.

Thank you so much for taking the time.

Good.

Thanks for having me.

Nice to meet you.

Great to me.

Congratulations on the launch.

You took over the timeline.

But for those who have been,

living under a rock on earth, break it down for us. What are you building? Introduce yourself, please.

Yeah, so I'm Erica. I'm the CEO of Pioneer Labs where we engineer life for Mars so that we

go there and breathe and eat and have flowers and have an awesome life. Okay. Okay, I saw a picture of Mars

on the timeline, maybe a week ago. It didn't have the orange filter. Okay. What was going on there?

A lot of the images of Mars that I've seen in the past have this sort of like orange coloring.

This one didn't.

What's going on there?

Was there?

Am I normally, am I used to seeing Mars?

Is the red planet really red?

Yeah.

That's your question.

Yeah, currently yes.

Okay.

Mars like sucks at the moment.

Okay.

So, I mean, Mars taking us back for billion years, Mars was really similar to Earth.

It had liquid water.

it, by all accounts, like, should have been a place that could have hosted life.

Yeah.

And then three and a half billion years ago, like the two planets, their paths diverged,

and Earth, you know, evolved photosynthesis.

And we have this amazing biosphere that breathes out oxygen for us all day, every day,

along with the other things.

Exactly.

We and everyone ever alive is, like, so lucky to live in this, you know,

live on the one example we know of, like a functional planet.

And Mars, it's a little smaller than Earth.

It's a dysfunctional planet.

Yeah, things went sideways for Mars.

It is now really cold.

And it still has like the raw materials necessary for life.

So much of its northern hemisphere has permafrost.

So like just below the surface, there's a glacier of water.

But it's frozen.

And there's other problems too.

Like the dirt on Mars.

over billions of years of having a lot of surface radiation now has weird toxins in it.

That would be very toxic for us if we grew potatoes in it directly.

So there is work to do to go there at all or even more work to do to live there permanently

or in great numbers.

So how do we fix it and how do we make money off of it?

There we go.

Yeah, so we over the past sort of two years, we've tried to break this big,

problem of how do you make Mars nice down into an actionable first step. So what we announced on

Tuesday was that we had engineered the first microbe that can we can take it to Mars and it eats

basically Mars, dirt, water, and air. That's it. And when it eats those materials, it turns them into

bioplastics, which is this super useful category of materials that in this case, we suggest a good first

application is to build houses with it. So you can pack your starship with equipment. You can go to

Mars. You can unpack it. And you can continue to just convert local resources into materials to

build houses and build like a small city in about two years because we now have life that eats

the nutrients in the dirt. And that's it. That's amazing. And I was joking earlier. The company is a

nonprofit. But if I get in early, I imagine that there will be a for profit conversion at some point.

Just kidding.

But why do you...

That is a traditional path trod in by Open Ahigh, isn't it?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's the new playbook.

But what we have?

Why a nonprofit?

Yeah.

Listen, there's no customer on Mars.

Okay.

Makes sense.

It's a little early.

I mean, what's cool about this research is that many more people have started working on it

just in the past couple years because the technology is maturing enormously.

And lots of other headwinds.

are sort of in favor of actually going to Mars and having there be biology.

Notably, there's an enormous amount of investment going into space data centers,

along with all of the other reasons that that sort of Earth's launch capacity has increased over the past decade.

And so, like, I think it's hard for the average everyday person to feel it.

But, like, humans are going to space, like, materially.

Yeah.

And so like the case is building for there being one day a customer on Mars who's going to care that you could make the planet not kill you immediately when you go outside.

Or even that in the first contained, you know, a human mission, you can have food and water and, you know, oxygen to breathe and stuff like that.

So we're a nonprofit because it's early.

And I think if this stuff continues to mature at this rate, then yeah, maybe you get to the point where you can start executing in a few years.

So is the, if I map out the next five years, I mean, or 10 years, I imagine that, you know, NASA will be doing important work.

They're the most recent visitor to Mars.

They put a helicopter there a year or two ago.

And then also you have SpaceX building the, you know, private company capability to actually get there,

reliably economically on the future, is the idea that if you have some breakthrough,

you would be fine with the implementation happening with either organization.

Is there sort of like an MIT license for some of what you do that might get picked up by

NASA and experimented with further?

Or do you want a deeper collaboration with either side of the two organizations?

I think the way you kind of describe this is like almost.

as if space is this monolith, that it's like NASA and SpaceX do stuff.

Yeah.

And that's like not how it will be, right?

Like as we start doing more stuff in space, there will be many different sorts of

industries that develop, right?

So NASA has like cornered the market, let's say, for like human spaceflight.

Like they are currently the best at it.

They're not the only one.

So they have now competition from others who like can also like successfully execute

human missions. SpaceX has is currently vastly wiping the floor with everyone in terms of launch

capabilities. But again, they too have competition from, you know, relativity and other. So the space,

like all of these different components of space like are hopefully going to continue to mature

into like a competitive ecosystem. And I would say like the thing I'm doing, which I'm excited about,

is like doing the biotech is its own totally separate independent slice that like I'm lucky to sort of get in early and there's a ton of low hanging fruit.

But like that itself is like a whole other slice of the space ecosystem that I hope one day will have many competitors, right?

All trying to figure out how to do it better.

And of course we'll rely on networks of others to provide infrastructure and launch and human flight and like all of that.

Yeah.

Quickly, like, what are, what timelines are you working off of?

I think it's refreshing to ask somebody about space timelines that's, you know, not currently

running a for-profit business that, you know, is public or needs to be public.

Yeah, quite so.

I don't have, I don't have valuation to guide my answer.

Yeah, so we've, it took us about two years to make this first organism from ours.

there are five organisms we need to make

to have a way to go to Mars and scalably make

livable area on Mars.

And the sort of general timeline for that is I think we will have

some version of all five of those by the end of the next three years,

which puts us in like 2029-ish.

There's a launch window in 2028.

NASA's doing some stuff.

It would be really awesome to also have,

have like a search for life and a test that we can grow a first earth organism, like in that

2028 launch window.

There's another launch window early 2031.

And that's the one where maybe we could actually like go there and and demonstrate something.

And SpaceX, I'd be shocked if they don't try to get to Mars in 2028.

But I think they might succeed in 2031.

Yeah.

I mean, longer term, I think, like, technology broadly is accelerating.

And so there's a lot of investment going into space close to Earth and on the moon.

And much of the interest in the moon is because it's like the close testing ground for going farther out.

But there's a lot of reasons why the moon itself is not necessarily the spot we want to set up shop forever.

it has like fewer natural resources to to like make use of than other places we could go,

including Mars.

And so I would not be surprised if we start seeing, you know, first human mission to Mars in the 2030s and like substantial build out of like the robotic precursors to that like sooner.

Yeah.

How do you how do you grapple with NASA's historical preference for leave no trace when going.

to a celestial body.

They, you know, build the rover in a clean room.

So there's no, you know, Earth microbes or anything.

Yeah, I think we need to be talking about pioneer safety.

The idea of dropping a bunch of micro organisms on a far off planet and saying,

have it.

Yeah, some people are worried about this.

There's some sci-fi scenarios where, you know, becomes more powerful than us.

It becomes more powerful.

And they decided to come back.

Maybe, maybe.

You left me here to die.

Yeah, yeah, and I survived.

But yeah, I mean, how do you deal with, like, I don't know if there's laws around what you can do, if there's just conventions.

There's certainly people that are impassioned on both sides.

I'm super excited about this.

But it is a departure from the way humanity has been engaging with Mars to date.

That's absolutely right.

So, I mean, we've gone to Mar, the narrative for why we've gone to Mars for the past 20 years has been searching for life.

Yeah.

And so going there with the intention.

of having humans live there, for example, is a huge philosophical departure that there's a lot of inertia, like, against that and for that.

Obviously, like, many people want to go to Mars. It would be super awesome and, like, kind of inevitable.

In terms of law, so basically, the law that governs space is, like, relatively underdeveloped, and all of the activity, all of the private space activity,

is stressing the system.

And I think folks recognize that like,

we need to think a lot more about space law.

There's a line in the 1970 Outer Space Treaty,

which I kid you not is like kind of the most recent,

like big outer space like law effort.

And the line says basically,

thou shalt not contaminate planetary bodies

with harmful, not harmfully contaminate planetary bodies.

Which at the time when they wrote that,

that meant,

Thou shalt not test nukes in space and spread radioactive stuff everywhere.

That has now been in the modern era interpreted to also mean, like, don't contaminate

places that might have life with earth life.

Like don't put invasive species places willy-nilly, which is a really important thing to do.

And it poses a big problem for the first human mission because humans are covered with bacteria.

We have a skin microbiome and a mouth microbiome and a gut microbiome.

that is like we can't be sterilized

in the way that robotic science missions

have been sterilized to date.

And so there's a body called CoSpar amongst other organizations

that are trying to figure out what the policy should be

to assess risk when we have the first human mission.

And actually as part of our announcement,

we published a paper that's like a suggested framework

for how to gather data on like, here's an organism we're proposing to send to Mars.

Let's actually measure whether or not it could possibly be invasive,

which is possible to do for like the bio-manufacturing organisms we've made

because they're like well-characterized.

You can take measurements.

And spoiler, if this organism gets out of its bioreactor, it's going to be so dead,

like so fast that it can't even evolve.

So like, this is not the one you would worry about.

But even with that example, like, it's like unclear how to apply that to humans.

Like, you know, our microbiomes can't be rigorously safety characterized, like, in that same way.

And so the discussion continues about how to handle that because it really would suck to go to Mars and interfere with life there if it exists, which is like not looking likely, but still is a big, a big concern.

Well, I look forward to your future speeches at the UN General Assembly.

I'm sure you'll be there, breaking it down for everyone with all the progress you've made.

But congratulations on everything.

Yeah, really, really cool point of view.

Yeah, what a good question.

Come back on as you make progress.

Yeah, we'd love to talk again soon.

Cool.

Have a great rest of your day.

Cheers.

Goodbye.

Goodbye.

One last piece of car news?

One more?

Twist my arm.

Porsche is working on a successor to the 918 Spider hybrid supercar, and it will be powered by an engine not seen since the 60s.

That's according to Germany, Germany's Handelsblot, which reports that the new model will be powered by a flat eight engine, eight cylinders.

The suspected price tag, half a million euros, $575,000 US.

The reporting also states that the project is known inside Porsche as code name S1 and could be revealed to investors as early as October 7th.

Just five days or seven days after the Tesla Roadster announcement, Porsche will be responding.

There's going to be so much demand for this.

It makes me sick.

The suspected price tag of $575,000.

I mean, this thing's going to trade.

I would expect it to trade up at least 2x instantly, probably.

Yeah.

And the question is...

Hard to say, but I mean, we have no idea what it looks like.

These are just like made-up renders.

Some of these are, I think, based on the previous project that they were potentially

working on, which was an EV successor to the 19-18 spider.

The lineage with Porsche is the Carrera GT, then the 918.

everyone is waiting for the next thing, the next supercar, the next really special, unique car, not built on the 9-11 platform.

This should be it, although, of course, there's a lot of 9-11 styling and heritage in there.

But yes, if it's anything like what they're pitching here, it's going to fly off the shelves.

Do you think they do a manual?

Are they going to go that far?

If they ripped out the EV, they went to the flat-8 combustion engine.

Are they doing turbos?

Are they doing naturally aspirated?

Are they going to go as far as giving somebody just, you know, pretty close to career GT experience?

I don't know.

We'll see.

It's going to be exciting.

Yeah, a lot of questions, but I can't wait.

I can't wait.

I can't wait.

Was there anything else we need to talk about?

Congratulations to Huberman Lab.

Andrew Huberman is number one on the New York Times bestsellers and advice, how to, and miscellaneous for protocols,

an operating manual for the human body.

You can go pick it up everywhere books are sold.

And I think

that's it for today.

Jordy? That's our show. It's been an

honor and a privilege and we will be

back. There's also a new 8th sleep. The pod 6 is live.

The 6th generation of 8 sleep's

intelligent sleep system redesigned

for every kind of bed. The new hub is small enough to fit under your bed frame

more powerful than ever. Nine times as many sensors.

Take you and your tie. Go smash

the gong. And we'll be

Okay. Tyler's going to do it. Leave us five stars in Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Sign up for our newsletter at tbPN.com. And we will see you tomorrow.