=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - NVIDIA's $500B Compute Deal, Paramount Threatens to Bounce, Record Europe Tourism | Ernie Garcia, Alex Edelson, Nico Simko, Ian McGinley, Conor Sen
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/nvidias-500b-compute-deal-paramount-threatens-to-bounce-record-europe-tourism-ernie-garcia-alex-edelson-nico-simko-ian-mcginley-conor-sen
Datum: 2026-08-12
Länge: ~141k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TBPN, Ultram, the Temple of Technology, the Fortures of Finance.

We are back.

Time is money.

Save both.

He's used corporate cards, go pay, accounting, and a whole lot more, all in one place.

Is that the Invideo compute deal alarm?

Huge deal.

Hit the wire yesterday, but on the cover of the Financial Times today.

Wall Street big names join NVIDIA to build $500 billion AI financing package, a landmark lending plan.

Jensen really lined up the murderer's row of financiers for his new AI financing package.

Legendary setup over on CNBC too.

One of the greatest roundtables of all time.

Yeah, incredible.

Only Larry Think was remote.

They got David Solomon, CEO of Goldman Sachs in studio, John Gray from Blackstone, Jim Zeltzer from a

Hollow, Bruce Flat from Brookfield, and of course, Jensen breaking it all down for everyone.

I'm sure the Hollywood starlets were pounded on the glass outside looking for some new

arm candy, don't you think?

100%.

100%.

Because it's very rare to see that many individuals.

Capital allocators.

Specifically capital allocators put it on, put it all on the line every day in the markets.

Some would call them bad boys.

Some might.

Some might.

Some have.

So I'm sure they were lined up.

But it's a great segment.

I mean, they went for maybe 45 minutes or something.

I wanted to play this one clip of them discussing just the profitability,

why they see this as an investable asset.

There were a couple quotes.

The interesting one from Jim Zeltar.

The sheer size of the AI infrastructure build out is unprecedented,

the president of Apollo said.

More than $8 trillion of capital is expected to be invested.

A staggering sum.

We see an enormous opportunity for private capital

to finance a portion of this along with public.

public capital. So Wall Street's not taking their foot off the guest. Before we play you the clip,

your Figma files with design system context. Yeah, very interesting. David in the X-Shat says,

time will tell of Jamie Diamond not being with them on the desk might be smart in hindsight,

or if he- It's very interesting that he was missing.

Out. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, at the same time, it feels like there's so many different

deals happening and like this is this consortium there's there's going to be multiple ways to

participate if this winds up being some sort of fund or vehicle I'm sure it can be offered to

his clients in some way downstream it's more just like he wasn't in the press circuit but I don't

know it is a really good point he was notably absent which was interesting at a certain point you get

so many of the of the finance guys together you start noticing who's not there more than who is

Anyway, let's play this clip from CNBC.

More of your margin of safety of energy.

So are these concerns about whether we can meet this demand overdone at this point?

Do you think, Jensen, that from where you see things, the demand level and how we're building up around it, that it's going to be okay, and it'll all work out?

We're going to be constrained for some time and pretty much across the board.

From chips to memories to packaging to systems, photonics, connectors, land, power, construction work.

workers. Another one. The whole thing. The entire supply chain up and down behind me upstream,

all the way downstream. And this is happening at a time when AI has become useful because

it's starting to do productive work and it's happening all over all over the world. And

AI tokens are profitable, incredibly profitable. When you have something profitable, everybody wants

to make more of it. Yes. Great demand, great profitability.

The conditions are exactly right for the work that we're doing right now.

Jensen, why these companies?

And did you go to any partners who said no?

No one said no, but this is the sixth premier,

world's premier institutional financiers for infrastructure.

This is the best of the best.

What John said, that right now,

you'll be less likely to have public capital that comes into this

because a lot of these are,

that aren't making money yet.

Is he right on that or are there going to be big banks and others that kind of step up?

I believe within months you're going to realize that these companies are extremely profitable.

These are the fastest growing technology companies in history.

Your customers, you know?

That's right.

These are fastest growing technology companies in history

and the tokens they're generating are incredibly profitable.

You know, if the wayfers that we buy from TSM are incredibly profitable, there's incredible demand for it,

I'm going to want to buy a lot more.

More.

By the way, who are we talking about your customers?

Which customers will have access to the

AI labs?

AI labs are the ones.

That's the ones that you think are profitable.

But this, will this financing go?

AI labs, AI startups, you know, as you know, this last six

months, the world put in about $500 billion in AI startups.

Five hundred billion dollars, the largest investing

period, probably in recent history.

And these companies need compute.

And so we now have the vehicle to do

So it's great stuff.

500 billion, huge number.

But it feels a lot smaller when he lays out the actual compute calculation, 50 billion per gigawatt.

50 to 60.

50 to 60.

So you're looking at 10 billion or 10 gigawatts of powered compute, which is, you know, the labs are at like three combined across a few of them.

And we've been on this 3x scaling.

So this is really just like next year's compute basically.

I think meta individually has a 10 gigawatt plan or something like that.

So yeah, definitely.

Yeah, and the reason he's having to talk about profitability and the profitability of incremental tokens.

And I think one of the reasons that a lot of people are just very uncomfortable with this is that the two leading companies in the space are private.

Yeah.

And their various numbers leak out from time to time, but you definitely don't get a complete picture.

And it's very unusual to have, you know, two.

the two companies that are effectively driving the private markets.

Sorry, the two companies driving the public markets are actually private.

Yes.

Well, there is the SpaceX factor here, too, which recently announced that they're going all in on Invidia.

But again, they are turning into a neocloud in many ways and licensing out compute.

So there's this world where you might see Wall Street banks.

Yeah, but I'm looking at SpaceX more on the supply side, right?

not driving.

No, exactly.

So it's like a six-layer cake, and you're seeing the, you're seeing the finance guys there.

Then, Nvidia making the chips, marshaling all this capital.

A lot of it's going to go to a Colossus 5 data center and then be rented by a lab.

Like, that will be one of the potential outcomes.

Yeah.

But then they're just in the supply chain.

Because I don't think, I don't think the, like, the semi-analysis forecast was for, like,

GROC token demand specifically.

It was just overall inference and inference.

compute demand because they're capable of building data centers very quickly. Anyway,

Jensen also took to X to post a long essay, 12,000 likes. He's like fully on X now. He's, I haven't

seen him. It's almost like he was lurking. You think he was lurking the whole time?

Well, I don't know if he was studying enough because people are getting mad at him about for using

the forbidden phrase. He says, Nvidia compute is not just a chip. It is a complete AI factor.

platform including

Accelerate computing,

networking, system

software, AI frameworks,

and a global developer ecosystem.

That doesn't sound that AI to me.

I don't know.

Somebody will run this through Pangram and we'll

get to the bottom of it.

But Prokosh over here.

Isn't it somewhat fair

for him to just

slop it up a little bit?

Yeah, there is an element where

if you're a believer in AI, you

sort of can use it

and it's okay because that's the whole point.

I would expect, I would

expect like Suno's marketing to use AI.

Yeah.

You wouldn't be like, I just, and he's, and he's just communicating what's effectively just a, yeah,

like you watched him on CNBC, clearly not reading from a teleprompter, clearly not doing

AI stuff.

So if he repurposes that into a blog post for other people that want to read it in that format,

and then if he turns it into a series of tweets or anything else, like, go for it, I say.

Anyway, summer here, Jensen is completing the circle, says Prakash.

Bankers don't like GPUs as collateral because the depreciation is unpredictable.

It's unpredictable because a new GPU can obsolete an old one, but Jensen knows his own roadmap.

So he's offering depreciation insurance to the banks.

The depreciation insurance up to 25 percent helps the banks get marginal deals over time.

Speculation here from Prakash.

NVIDIA will also advise the banks on reference designs for data centers that will make them fungible.

So you will know this is a one gigawatt data center, but it's in this particular class.

particular configuration.

So it's on, it's Blackwell data center that's powered this way.

And so if you can put it in this bucket, you can underwrite it a particular way because

it's, it becomes more fungible.

Having them be fungible means the debt can be repackaged into asset-backed securities,

collateralized loan obligations and collateralized debt obligations, ABCLOs and CDOs from 2008.

I'm sure there will be a lot of, a lot of folks upset about all of the comparisons to the mortgage,

the mortgage-backed security build out in 2008.

This allows tranching to get investment-grade ratings on the debt so it can be sold and resold to pension funds and insurance firms.

It also allows the banks to trade idiosyncratic project-specific credit risk for sector-wide credit risk.

So Jensen is trying to get his customers the same cost of financing as real estate rather than venture equity.

This is going to move the data center game out of the VCs into the big leagues.

And so I'm sure people will be, you know, speculating all sorts of different things on what happens next here.

Shopify is the commerce platform that grows with your business and lets you sell in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social, on marketplaces, and now with AI agents.

There are some other stories.

Paramount is threatening to leave California by October 1st if the state refuses to negotiate a settlement in the legal fight over its Warner Brothers Discovery merger.

We've been covering the story back and forth for a while.

According to Variety, Paramount CEO, David Ellison, wants a quick resolution to the antitrust lawsuit brought by 12 state attorneys general seeking to block the deal.

He is now told senior executives that Paramount is prepared to begin the process of moving its operations out of California if Attorney General Rob Bonta doesn't enter settlement talks.

Ellison reportedly told his leadership team last week that the Paramount Skydance Board has already approved the relocation plan.

If negotiations with Bonta haven't begun by August 1st, the company would start preparing its exit with Paramount's Los Angeles headquarters, potentially moving out of the state as early as October.

The threat dramatically raises the stakes in Paramount's fight with Banta, who has emerged as a leading opponent of the Warner Brothers Discovery acquisition.

Bonta hasn't publicly detailed what Paramount would need to offer to resolve the case, but he has said that any acceptable remedies would likely need to be structural, such as asses.

divestagers rather than behavioral commitments like maintaining certain levels of production.

So it's not going to be enough for Ellis and say, hey, we're still going to do 12 movies a year,

24 movies a year.

It needs to be something specific about the, like the actual structure of the company.

Paramount is also racing against an expensive clock beginning October 1st.

The company will owe Warner Brothers Discovery shareholders a $7 million per day ticking fee until the transaction closes.

the state's antitrust trial isn't scheduled to begin until May 2nd of 2027, so almost nine months from now,

meaning Paramount could rack up roughly $1.2 billion in payments by the time the case is expected to conclude.

Ellison is effectively putting pressure on California from the other direction.

If the state won't help find a path to closing the merger, Paramount is prepared to start taking jobs elsewhere.

Yeah, so he's trying to force the issue.

This gets extremely painful for the Ellison's.

If this antitrust thing just drags on,

you could imagine it dragging on for a couple years.

That puts a pause on all of their integration plans.

It just makes everything a lot harder.

And, yeah, I don't think he has, this seems like his one option, right?

It's kind of the nuclear option.

it's going to piss off a lot of the industry here in L.A.

It is the most symbolic move because according to variety, the company's L.A.

headquarters would be the first operation to leave.

And Ellison already has a five-year plan to move most studio jobs out of California.

No destination has been selected, but Georgia, Texas, and Tennessee reportedly under consideration.

So it's like if you're moving the L.A. headquarters, the iconic paramount headquarters,

you've everyone's seen the water tower.

That is a huge shot across the bow as opposed to something that might actually be more economically impactful.

Like just, oh, for this production, we were going to make it in L.A., we're going to do it in Atlanta.

That might actually move more dollars around, but maintaining that headquarters is so symbolic, right?

So Ellison and much of Paramount Senior Leadership currently work from the historic Paramount Picture Studio a lot in Hollywood,

but maybe it will be moving to Georgia, Texas or Tennessee.

I wonder where they'll go.

Anyway.

We'll work on getting a few folks on the show ASAP to break down the deal.

Yeah.

Want to change the world?

Raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

So speaking of publicly traded companies,

Elon Musk may have found a shortcut to unlocking a trillion dollar payday.

He needed a win.

you asked for it he's delivering yeah the idea is having SpaceX by Tesla this has been rumored for a long time

lots of speculation on when these two companies will merge if they will merge but the wall street journal

on the front page outlines a very odd scenario where Elon could wind up making an incremental one trillion

dollars. It's really complicated and it's not as simple as just, oh, he'll just buy the

companies and then he just gets another trillion dollars. It's more complicated, but there is a

potential outcome, but there's some mitigating factors, but it's worth understanding the

mechanics of the deal or the mechanics of potential deal as it might play out over the next few

years because this is something that couldn't happen right now, but in the future it is possible.

So the Wall Street Journal reports that there's an obscure provision.

in Musk's 2025 Tesla pay agreement that's already been approved by the shareholders.

And it was that crazy one we talked about where it was like a million robotaxies by this time.

And like the optimist needs to be shipping.

And it was a lot of really bold claims.

But if he hits all those and the stock goes to like 10 trillion, then he gets a huge unlock of new stock.

And it was all like, okay, well, like, it's a lot of money, but that's a lot of progress for this company.

because there's a lot of projects at Tesla that just are sort of slow and steady,

not really advancing that quickly.

And so he was sort of throwing down the gauntlet saying,

okay, give me another couple years,

and I'm going to deliver in a really big way.

And if I do, I want to be compensated for that.

And the shareholders approved.

But the obscure provision is, it basically,

there's an obscure provision in the already approved Tesla pay agreement

that could eliminate half of those performance.

requirements attached to the stock award if Tesla is acquired. So change of control affects those

pay packages. What are you laughing about? Mark in the chat says, talk about Zuckerberg again.

I like Feisty, Geordy. Feisty Jordy is based AF. Yeah, I guess I woke up on the wrong side of the

bed yesterday. I had some strong opinions. We'll see. Somebody had to say it. Hey, he fired back. He called

Alex Heath, he said something big is coming. He was vague posting directly to Alex

Heath. And again, I just felt like that was so memetic with all the people that are actually

at the frontier. And it's just the whole thing. I'm like, yeah, I'll believe it when I see it.

Yeah, yeah. It's kind of, what was the actual? See, see, Mark, now you got me started. Now you

snapped him. Now I snapped. Oh, yeah. Let's see what Alex. Rear naked chokes.

if you don't watch out.

Over the weekend,

Zuck called me a via his meta glasses

while fishing

to discuss the 6,000 word

pro-AI manifesto he published this morning.

Yeah, so he's trying to balance.

I love that aesthetically.

That's fantastic.

Good old American American American Mark.

He told me the immediate reason

he decided to publish his philosophy now

is that he believes meta is very close

to having substantially strong.

stronger models.

Probably true.

And he wants people to understand his values before those models arrive.

We know your values.

We know your values which are copy.

It's fine.

Instagram's fine.

No, I mean, whatever the stated values versus the lived values, the lived values are,

if there is a hot product, copy it immediate.

This is grow.

What about that value?

Come on.

Instagram has birthed so many companies.

We know so many people that their companies would not exist if not for meta platforms.

How about great hours of enjoyable content?

Yes, yes.

For everyday Americans to watch every day.

Would we be even remotely familiar with Professor Sendy and the creation of Lomba without Mark Zuckerberg?

You would have never seen that he turned it down.

You would have never seen that he turned it down.

Or the debatat.

Yeah, you wouldn't.

You wouldn't have, you would not be aware of that.

All these iconic moments.

You also wouldn't know that once you go to Ibiza, you must go back to Ibiza.

And you would not know that there's a 21 year old bodybuilder who looks like he's 35, who's on his way.

See?

I'm on the way.

Admit it.

I don't have a problem.

I don't have a problem with Mark.

Yeah.

And I don't have a problem with meta products.

I do get enjoyment out of them.

I have built companies that are dependent on meta platforms.

I've invested in many companies that exist in their current form entirely because of meta platforms.

There you go.

But I know what Mark's values are.

What are those?

Mark cares about delighting customers.

Profitable advertising.

These are good values.

I don't, I wish he cared more about advertising.

That's true.

Yeah.

I wish you cared more about advertised.

That would be good.

But, you know, you just look at the historical behavior.

It's like buy or copy or chase the hot thing.

Yeah, but that's just a game.

Like, you know, you're talking about a $10 billion startup that's, you know,

coming after you with some new form factor.

I don't know.

You copy it.

I think you're discounting how good MSL is.

Everyone is saying that MSL is like clearly in third place, right?

That means that they're ahead of XAI and D-Mind.

I mean, if they flip D-Mind, it's crazy.

If they actually get the next version of Sparkout before Gemini 4 and it's better and then Gemini 4 launches and stays in fourth place, like that is a crazy, crazy reversal.

Yeah, and I just, they're executing well.

Yeah.

Coming from incredibly far behind.

They are approaching the frontier.

I just think that being the pick me, if he wants to be the pick me lab,

don't like the comms.

I don't.

Yeah, I just think it's, I think it's not, I just don't think it's very authentic.

Okay.

I, I, I think it's the opposite.

I think it is authentic.

I think it is, he, he is thinking about this stuff.

He might not be the, it is, it is just a little bit of a tough voice because there's so

much attention from the social reckoning and the social network and stuff.

And then like, it's like, in terms of,

of the overall AI industry attaching him.

It's like attaching Demis to the AI industry

was definitely better for the voices of the AI industry

because Demis would stay on message

and just talk purely about science.

He won the Nobel Prize.

And so if I was like, okay, I'm dealing with an AI skeptic

who is paranoid about water use and surveillance,

like, who can I put them in the room with?

I'm like, yeah, go sit down with Demis,

sir Demis.

He's going to put on a good show and, like, walk you through this and give you a really optimistic

vision.

And he's not going to have the baggage of anything else, any lawsuits or anything else, right?

And so, yeah, it's a little bit of a, it's a little bit of a tough, tough go.

Anyway, back to Elon Musk.

I just, I just think, like, again.

Let's get back to less controversial tech leaders.

Let's talk about Elon Musk and how he's going to make his next trillion.

Because this is what's in the Wall Street Journal today.

I wish

I'll just

I'll just end it here

I wish

I wish that Zuck came out

with like a five point plan

to get his own trillion dollar pay package

which was just like

sell like

trillions of dollars

of ads

and I would just be praising that all day

that would be sick

I would be praising that all day

versus being like

oh we're doing open source

and now we're not doing open source

and now we're open sourcing again

because I'll get some brownie points.

Yeah.

But also we're going to...

It doesn't feel like...

Yeah, I mean, you go to the Dario thing,

and it's like the guy's been hard on China.

He's been anti-open source since day one.

Extremely consistent.

You love him, you hate him,

but like there's consistency there,

and that is just reliable.

And in many ways admirable.

I understand what you're saying.

Anyway, back to Elon Musk.

He's been extremely consistent.

He's getting that trillion dollar

from Tesla one way or another,

and there are multiple ways.

He's not being a trillionaire before.

He wants to run it back.

He's got to run it up.

He's got to double it.

They say your first trillion is the hardest,

and this is how he gets his second trillion.

So this is how he's going to do it.

So in Musk's 2025,

Tesla pay agreement,

if he had certain milestones,

he can eliminate a lot of those performance requirements

that were previously attached to a stock award

if the company's acquired.

And so change of control,

at this scale, normally you would think that's impossible.

You cannot take Tesla private. He tried. It was not impossible.

It was too big of a company. And then also once you're a funding was secured.

Funding was secured. But there was a trillion dollar, once you're a trillion dollar company,

like you can't just get acquired except we're in this very unique case where SpaceX is also a trillion dollar company.

So Tesla shareholders approved the compensation plan in November, last November.

Under its normal terms, Musk can earn as many as 423 million Tesla shares across 12 tranches,

but each tranche requires Tesla to hit both a market cap and an operational milestone.

So the goals are deliberately enormous.

Tesla would eventually need to reach an $8.5 trillion market cap while accomplishing targets,

including delivering 20 million vehicles.

Remember, I think the number of vehicle deliveries is actually declining this year,

It was a very, very bold plan.

They need 10 million active FSD subscriptions.

That actually seems easy.

FSD is really good.

They need to deliver one million Optimus robots.

That seems crazy because Optimus is still so early as a project.

We should try to interview someone with a Tesla that doesn't get the FSD.

They turn it down.

They turn it down.

And I want to understand why.

I understand it if you just bought an older Tesla.

You like the ease of charging and you haven't upgraded to the newer.

hardware package. Because it's like the the FSD is available on the older hardware three

technology, but I think it's best on the hardware four, which is like 2024 onward. Not everyone

can upgrade. If it's a financial decision, I understand it. But the last one was they need to get

a million robo-taxies into commercial operation. That also seems pretty doable. I saw a robo-taxie

driving around L.A. recently in gold. And like just from using FSD, it seems like,

it's ready. Like, there's probably some legal stuff. But in general, I think they could roll out

the robo-taxies, like, very quickly. They can make a million cars pretty quickly, and they have

the technology. So it's just about putting those on the road. Yeah, I haven't spent a ton of time

in Teslas, but the times recently where human drivers had to take over was getting into a driveway.

It's effectively like private property. So a robo-taxie, you can just pull over the side of the street

and say, like, you're walking the last 100 feet, but...

Yep, totally.

And so, yeah, I mean, that one doesn't seem that difficult.

Although, obviously, it is a lot.

I mean, I think that's, like, 100 times as many Waymos.

I think there's, like, 10,000 Waymos out there.

So it would be a big move.

But over a couple of years, is that possible?

Yeah, so vehicle deliveries were falling in 2024 and 2025, but seemed to be rebounding.

But they're not far off from, like, a minimum.

million vehicles, right?

838 in H1.

830,000. Yeah. And so

over a year or two,

they could probably manufacture a million

robotaxies, and I think the

technology is pretty much there. When you actually

look online and you see the reviews

of people talking about Tesla

Ubers, they're like, I wish there

was a Tesla product or an

Uber product where I could demand

that if it's a Tesla, they have to

stay in full self-driving mode because

many Uber riders

regard the full self-driving experience as smoother and less likely to cause indigestion and sickness

in the back seat versus watching a driver who has a Tesla who isn't that experienced and doesn't

understand how to use the regenerative braking properly.

And so it's much more jerky when a human's driving it because FSD is actually superhuman

relative to a newbie Uber driver with a Tesla.

So I think the technology is like very, very close.

They got to manufacture it.

obviously legal stuff, but they'll get there.

There are other milestones requiring Tesla to generate increasingly large amounts of adjusted

EBITDA.

They have been profitable and cash flow positive in the past.

It is doable.

But there's a major exception buried in the agreement.

If Tesla undergoes a change of control, essentially, if Tesla is acquired, the operational

requirements disappear.

You no longer have to hit a million robotaxis or a million optimists to unlock those new

tranches of stock for Elon. If there's a change of control, it's purely based on the market cap.

And so instead, Tesla will determine how many of Musk's 12 tranches have been earned solely by looking

at the company's value at the time of the transaction. So the milestones don't matter anymore.

Only the market cap matters. And so that could become extremely important if the widely speculated

buyer turns out to be another Musk controlled company, SpaceX. So if SpaceX comes in and gives a really high

price for Tesla, Musk can unlock more of those tranches and get more equity in Tesla, which

then rolls into the combined entity, of course. So under this agreement, Tesla's value in an

acquisition would be calculated using whichever is higher, its market capitalization immediately

before the deal, or the value implied by the price being paid to Tesla shareholders. If that figure

reached $8.5 trillion, all 12 tranches could qualify, putting Musk in line for the full $423

million share award without Tesla ever having to accomplish many of the pay packages operational

milestones. So there's an obvious catch, which is how are you going to acquire Tesla for 8.5 trillion

when SpaceX is not a $10 trillion company or $50 trillion company? It's a hard pitch to do a merger

at that scale. But this is more of like a what might happen in a number of years.

Well, yeah, and there's also the tradeoff between he has more ownership of SpaceX.

which would mean that he would benefit from acquiring Tesla at a lower valuation.

But then depending on these milestones, you know, he's probably, his bankers probably have some very elaborate spreadsheets, you know, six different monitors.

Yeah.

Looking at all the different potential scenarios.

So basically, there's sort of a U shape to the incentive.

If Tesla's a really low price, Elon probably benefits from acquiring it.

And if Tesla's a really high price, he benefits from, he actually increases over.

overall ownership from buying it, but there's sort of like a messy middle where it gets a little bit

rougher. So 8.5 trillion would be more than six times Tesla's recent market cap, and Tesla

shareholders would still have to approve a SpaceX acquisition. The journal estimates that Musk's

maximum award is currently worth about $824 billion, despite the package's familiar $1 trillion

dollar label. Still, the provision creates an unusual path around some of the hardest

arguments, hardest requirements in Musk's compensation package. Instead of spending the next decade

hitting a dozen separate operating goals, a sufficiently expensive acquisition of Tesla

could effectively declare those goals accomplished. New bumper stick, new Tesla bumper sticker

idea. I bought this to help Elon achieve his one trillion dollar pay package.

Yes. Full send on the pro-Elon Tesla.

Get a lot of thumbs up.

A lot of thumbs up.

A lot of positive honks.

For sure.

For sure.

There could be another major benefit for Musk.

A combination with SpaceX could increase his effective control over Tesla,

something Musk has repeatedly sought while consolidating even more of his business empire

under a single roof.

Well, it's a fascinating story, and thank you for listening to it.

Critical infrastructure for the AI era.

Unlock seamless real-time experiences and new value with Cisco.

We got to talk about the American tourist.

The American tourist has become unstoppable.

A supercharged U.S. economy helped transform a nation.

Al Lenzha's parents traveled overseas three times after immigrating to the U.S. in 1961.

Lenza estimated he's taken 500 trips in his 50 years.

Wow.

How many times have you been overseas?

Probably.

30?

Yeah, a couple times a year for like 15 years.

years? Yeah, I guess 50 years, you stack them up, you start going more frequently, but that's still

10 times a year for 50 years. His home office is filled with self-printed books with recollections

from each one. He's working on more. The semi-retired, 70-year-old has already been to Barcelona

three times in the past year. You have more time and more money, he said, of his current phase of

life. The clock is running out. American travel has transformed. The clock is running out on you

visiting Idaho, buddy.

It's time to romanticize the states.

Yeah.

I saw a funny thing about spending time in the American South and picking up a southern,

you saw that, picking up the southern accent and being like, oh, yeah, you know,

this summer I spent a couple weeks in Georgia.

Oh, it just rubs off on you when you're there.

You really have to go spend some time in the American South.

It's remarkable.

Do you plan to go to all 50 states?

Oh, yeah, that'd be fun.

I feel like road trips, camping, those types of activities, you sort of have to like lean into it.

You have to be doing a lot of cannonballs, a lot of rallies.

But you need excuses because I think once you get to like 42 states, the last eight are going to feel like a complete slog unless you have a reason to visit each one.

Or you're hitting a bunch of them in a quick tour.

Do you count landing in an airport?

if you don't leave the airport.

No.

You don't count that?

Why?

No, why would?

Because physically you're in the state.

You're physically in the state.

Like you're legally in that state.

You don't count it.

Well, I don't count it as visiting the state.

What about a layover in a country?

You leave and you're out of the airport for three hours.

Does that count?

Say, yeah, I've been to Japan.

Three hours outside.

I actually do count that.

You do count.

I think if you are, if you basically leave security.

What if I leave security?

Take the bus on a little loop around the parking lot.

Count it.

That counts.

Book it.

That counts.

Book it.

Okay.

Okay.

That's the fastest way to see every state.

Flight hop from airport to airport.

Get out, do the bus loop, come back, hop on the next plane.

You could probably do all 50.

That would be a fun exercise, actually, to figure out how do you visit all 50 states in the fastest amount of time?

Yeah, right? Is it? World record.

Yeah, world record. Tyler.

I'm thinking that you need to figure it out.

And the rule is you can't just land in the airport and step on the tarmac.

You have to actually physically step outside of the airport on basically on a regular street.

I think you've got to do like really small rural airports.

Okay.

Yeah.

Fly a small plane between airports and a charter.

It's got to be a fast plane.

Oh, yeah.

It does.

Because a helicopter might be convenient.

I was thinking Cessna and you fly it yourself and you bounce around.

That might be doable.

I wonder, there's got to be some states where it's faster to drive, right?

Like Rhode Island, that area.

Maybe faster to drive than deal with all the plane stuff?

Driving at 300 miles an hour?

No.

Deal with all the plane stuff?

I don't know.

You just land in a small airport, step out, and then get on again.

So if you're in a, if you're flying your own Cessna, you land.

you step off the plane. Does that count?

You're not in a building. You have to be outside of the airport.

But I think if you landed on just like some farmland, you could maybe count that.

Okay. But do you have to get out of the plane?

I do think you have to touch the ground.

Oh, no, I'm going down. Mayday, Mayday. I'm landing on the golf course hopping out,

hopping back in. Oh, okay, I'm good. That's maybe the fastest way. Who knows?

Anyway.

Yeah, so actually some planes you can just land on, you know, a street or even a dirt road.

if it's long enough.

And so that's probably actually the fastest way.

Tyler,

figure out some,

figure out the route to hit a bunch of,

to land on some farmland in every state.

And then, and then.

Okay, well, anyway, back to the unstoppable American tourist.

What's going on here?

American travel has transformed in recent decades.

A nation of former homebodies

has become one of zealous

and moneyed international travelers

infiltrating every cobblestone corner of Europe

and rapidly filling lesser-known destinations.

Americans took a record 24 million trips to Europe in 2025.

Portugal received nearly five times the number of U.S. visitors last year

as it did a decade earlier.

Greece took in four times as many.

Is it getting crowded in these foreign tourist destinations?

I've been to Greece.

I've never been to Portugal.

Have you ever been to either?

Greece or Portugal, Tyler?

Greece or Portugal? No?

I actually...

Santorini's beautiful.

Portugal, yes. Greece, no.

Okay. Were you surfing in Portugal?

Yes.

Oh, okay.

Nazare? A hundred-foot wave?

Nearby.

Okay. Consulting firm. Tourism economics expects American visits to Europe will have increased

another 5% by the end of the year.

The travel is helping boost economies, even as it has angered many locals who say

their cities now relying on foreign visitors are no longer serving them.

Behind the shift is a supercharged U.S. economy that is in the course of a generation,

that in the course of a generation has created a larger and wealthier class of Americans

that views travel as an essential rather than a luxury.

Older Americans, let's find out what the older Americans are doing.

Older Americans who are driving this new era of travel hold about 110,

trillion in wealth. Wow, we should get these folks financing the AI build out. They got plenty

to spend. Instead of traveling, you should just...

Barcelona three times in a year from America is just insane. I'm sorry. That money could be sitting

with John Gray at Blackstone. It could be going over to Jensen. Could be allocating that for you.

Could be putting it all on the line for you. You could have your Apple Vision Pro doing Barcelona

simulator. Yeah, yeah. Gen. I just generate a picture of you in

Barcelona.

Job finished.

Generate hundreds of images.

Potentially.

Make a music video of yourself.

Playing a song about Barcelona in Barcelona.

People will love that.

People will love that.

That rising wealth has coincided with dramatic changes in the travel industry.

It's self-foreign travel has become more accessible and social media has made it easy

to envy, emulate, and one-up friends, vacations.

Apologize to Mark Zuckerberg.

He is stimulating the global travel economy.

We didn't even consider that.

This is huge.

Everyone needs to travel because of this.

The whole world is growing because of meta.

You see a picture of somebody in Barcelona.

You're like, I got to go for the fourth time.

This is happening.

This is happening.

You have no defense.

Defeated lion retreats.

It's a good point.

Defeated lion retreats.

It's a good point.

I just wish that he was twisting the knobs.

To make it even more?

Make it to make Idaho in places like that more appealing.

Okay.

Okay.

But yeah, this is, this is, this is, this is putting a thumb on the scale.

You don't, you don't, you, you want a thumb on the scale.

You're saying his thumb's not on the scale enough.

Well.

Interesting.

Okay.

Yeah, I just want to know what his values are.

Yeah, bias.

I'm on this scale.

A trip to the continent is a well-worn path for U.S. elites.

I like calling Europe just the continent.

It's a good, it's a, it's a, maybe we should try.

try and reclaim that as part of your Make America tourism friendly campaign.

We are the continent.

The new continent.

Yeah.

It's got, it really does have to be devastating.

If, if you're in Malibu and then you find out, oh, there's new Malibu somewhere else.

It's like, wait, about me.

What happened?

I feel like my town's going well.

And you're in York or England or Hampshire or Jersey.

And you're like, oh, it's probably nothing.

People will get bored of New York.

They'll come back to a regular York.

And they didn't.

Anyway, by the 1950s and the 1960s, when boomers were growing up, Americans traveling abroad,

were in rare air, a glamorous jet set who wore their best for flights on Pan Am and TWA.

They were soon joined by young adventurous backpackers who filled hostels and traveled on the cheap.

As the Cold War waned and airlines expanded, travel opened up further to the masses,

and the European Union's free travel area made it easy to fly to the continent and hop between countries.

Fascinating stat that I always come back to.

People will share that photo of, oh, people in 1950 and 60, every seat on the plane looked like first class.

Don't forget what they took from you.

The world you remember doesn't exist, that whole thing.

There are more people flying in first class.

today than people flew at all in the 60s.

So like just the first,

so you really need to comp the first class experience today with a lie flat seat.

They give you a glass of champagne.

It's actually a pretty luxurious experience.

Maybe not the best.

But it's pretty good unless you're in JetBlue Mint and they won't let you pass back steak.

That's brutal.

But for most airlines, it's pretty good.

And we still haven't got CEO of JetBlue.

We got to, we got to get some answers.

And we got to, we got to push.

We do.

We do. For a policy update. We do. We do. So in 1990, fewer than 5% of Americans had a passport.

Pretty crazy. Now, more than 50% do. Aided in part by a mandate requiring passports for travel to Canada, Mexico, and the Caribbean that took effect in 2007 and a post-pandemic travel rush, the U.S. issued a record 27 million passports in fiscal 2025.

Amy Bersch Buchanan, Birch Buchanan, 55, took her first flight in 1988 to visit her then-boyfriend in England.

She had a cassette tape full of journey songs to listen to on the plane, and her parents walked her directly to the gate, the PJ experience, basically, back then.

On board passengers were dressed to the nines, sipping cocktails and smoking cigarettes.

What about an airline where you can't smoke cigarettes, but you can smoke cigars?

I think that might see some traction.

Something there.

Yeah, Spirit Airlines. Why not American Spirit? It makes so much sense. I don't know. It seems like a no-brainer. Nobody was wearing yoga pants. It was very elegant, says Buchanan, who lives in Fort Worth, Texas. She returned home a changed woman with British bands like Depeche Mode on her Walkman. New clothes and wonderlust that she eventually passed down to her three kids. Her eldest daughter, Avery, moved to the UK around two years ago and now travels across Europe. Her middle daughter went to Kenya, this

year, they've really reached out much further as they've gone out on their own. Europe is often a gateway

drug. Portugal and Greece have seen the biggest percentage increases in the U.S. visitors of any country

over the past decade, according to U.S. government data. The U.K. and Italy have seen the largest

increases in the total number of tourists, getting millions of additional Americans a year arriving

by air. Only 6% of U.S. travelers to Europe in 2025 said it was their first time flying abroad.

Many of these tourists are visiting multiple times a year, stopping at the Eiffel Tower and the Coliseum,

but also taking country walks in the Cotswolds and Viking cruises on the Danube.

A growing share of consumer spending is going toward foreign travel as habits change and prices rise.

Open Skies agreements deregulated airline competition on international routes,

starting in the 1990s, leading to much cheaper airfares and more international flights from the U.S.,

said Clifford Winston, a Brookings Institution economist, who studied the PACs.

In 1984, a round-trip weekend fair between New York and London on Pan Am cost $669.

Today's equivalent of $2,150 over the past decade.

Economy airfare to the region rose 56% more than inflation.

The average one-way economy plane ticket from U.S. to Europe, not including taxes and fees, cost $588 this year,

up from 533 and 2025.

So even though it's getting more expensive to fly,

people are still doing it more and more

because of Instagram, baby.

As much as...

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agents to deploy web, up, servers, databases,

and more.

While Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring.

As much as I wanted you to keep reading the journal to me.

We love story time.

And our guests.

We have our next guest here.

We have our first guest of the show.

in the studio live in person.

We have Ernie Garcia from Carvana, the founder and CEO.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for stopping by.

Please grab a seat.

How you doing?

Great.

How you doing?

How's business?

That's good.

Very good, yeah.

Walk me through, I mean, maybe we should start with the very beginning,

but the thing that I'm most interested in is the journey throughout COVID,

post-COVID, all the crazy, rocky times in the market,

how you got through that, where the business is,

today? What changed? What didn't? All that journey.

Yeah. And yeah, the context here is typically our interviews are very much focused on the

present, but the first time we have someone on the show, we'd like to give people some context.

Awesome. Yeah, for sure. Well, let me start with this. These gongs are awesome.

For every car sale that we had for probably the first two years, maybe three years of Carvana's

history, we had a gong that was 50% that big. Amazing. And we'd hit it and everyone would cheer.

That's huge, yeah. It's a huge gong. That's great. It's funny to see those. So what's your guys

story with the gongs?

Just to announce, like, fundraisings, big milestones, big numbers.

I don't know how we landed on it.

We just thought it was a funny prop and then it just got bigger and bigger and bigger.

It's surprisingly fun.

And then it catches on.

Yeah, we basically maxed it out.

Yeah.

This was like the largest gong we could find.

You have to go like fully custom after this and it gets really crazy.

Yeah, ours was a little smaller than that one.

What was the first car you sold?

So it would have been probably, so we launched in January 2013.

I think it took us like two months sell our first.

car.

Okay.

But yeah, I mean, maybe I'll try to give like a high level setup.

I think the goal with Carvano was to try to build a different supply chain, different

cost structure, vertically integrate so that customer experiences could economically be

simple.

I think there are many dealers out there, excuse me, I'm fighting a little colder now.

There are many dealers out there that I think, you do a great job with what they've got,

but I think buying a car is not the most beloved customer experience in the U.S.

And I think the reason for that is just there are so many dealers doing things.

the same way the share cost structure, and I think the economic pressures mean you have to

maximize the amount of revenue you get out of that back room. And customers don't love that experience.

So the idea was, can we build a different kind of customer experience with different costs

and more vertically integrated that maximize revenue is in a better way?

So the customer experiences can be really simple.

We launched a dozen 13. We had to build a ton of stuff to do that.

We've got a totally different supply chain.

We buy cars from customers.

We ship them to these large locations where we recondition them.

We put $1,000 of parts in labor in every car.

We have our own logistics system.

We deliver from that location to the customer's door.

Our website is fully transactable.

Today, we have 50,000 cars.

So customers can go on there.

They can get financing.

They can get a trade in value.

They can toggle a warranty on or off and then have the car delivered to their door.

So really different experience, but it was a lot to build because inside of that, we've got a retailer.

We've got a remanufacturing company.

We've got a logistics company.

We've got a finance company.

So there was so much to build

And I think as a result of that

We had a really volatile time

So early on

It took us a couple months to sell our first car

And that was like all the infrastructure was built

And you were just chasing your first sale

Or it was more like you were kind of getting off the ground

Is it like running Google ads?

Like how did you get the first customer?

It was all kinds of yes

It was I mean auto trader back then

Was like a big part of our advertising

Just because customers were already there

But yeah I would say early on

We had the

The experience that the customer went through felt, you know, 60% similar to today.

But it was, you know, like duct tape and bubble gum in the background that was making it all happen.

And it was just at a really small scale.

But customers loved it.

Once they got over the skepticism, the very first delivery, you know, I went on.

And the first thing the guy did was he literally opened the hood to see if an engine was in there.

Because he was kind of like, you know, he had gotten in arguments with his friends about whether or not, you know, the car would even actually be like the real car.

Yeah.

So I think they loved it if they got over that fear,

but then, you know, building the rest of the business at real scale

and moving through all of those customer concerns.

But you've got to finish the story.

Was there a brand?

Was there?

Was there?

Was there?

Was there an engine?

Okay.

There was the good news.

In this case, there was an engine.

That's generally the case.

So the pushback in the early days,

I can imagine a lot of people, maybe on the investor side,

it's like cool idea,

but you're not going to have a business selling cars at scale,

sight unseen.

Like, was that some of the pushback?

Because, like, personally, growing up on the Internet,

and I've probably bought five or six cars over the year's site on scene

where they're out of state.

Maybe they were on Bring a Trailer or some.

I just found a spec I liked at some dealer or whatever.

And I've always, not yet, but not opposed.

You're being on the IYKYK Y, K Y, K deals, right?

You get them.

No, no, no.

But for me, when I would buy, you know,

I'd buy a car, some random state, get it,

It would just show up at my house.

It was, you know, amazing, even if it was some third-party logistics provider or whatever.

But I would have people tell me, you just bought it.

Like, you never even saw the car.

And I was like, no, dealer or whoever it was seemed legit.

And it's worked out every time.

But I can imagine there's maybe a generational shift of, like, people that have just grown up super used to buying everything online.

And so the idea of buying a car online is just kind of feels normal already.

Yeah.

I think that was the primary.

business model concern and the primary unlock.

Because I think it's a totally reasonable question,

like will customers buy a car site unseen?

I think your experience points to many will.

And there's like an interesting stat.

At least as of the time we went public in 2017,

30% of customers didn't even test drive a car before buying it.

So they might not have had your experience,

but an experience somewhat like that.

But I think that was the primary question.

But if you could resolve that question

and we kind of solved with a seven-day return policy,

which we think is better for most customers,

then you unlock a completely even supply chain because that's what enables you to no longer

have to have the cars at the point of sale and distributed around the country. So you can instead

replace that kind of real estate with the logistics network and you can give customers access

to tens of thousands of cars and you can deliver to them less expensively. So that was like the primary,

I would say, business model question. And I think once we sold kind of like a hundred cars and went on

those deliveries and got a feel for where people were, we felt pretty confident that was going to be

okay. I think another question that was asked is what about like investors? And I think at that time,

that was kind of like the height of, you know, like Airbnb and Uber and it was, everything was going

to be a marketplace. This was like the unbundling of Craigslist a little bit? Yes, I think to a certain

degree. And then I just think at that time, yeah, it was like every everyone wanted to be the marketplace

layer. Everyone wanted to just kind of connect to preexisting supply, to demand, and kind of be that

asset light layer. And I think we were trying to suggest that,

to give customers the experience that we thought was best.

We were in need to own inventory.

We're going to have to have our own logistics network.

We're going to own real estate.

We're going to have a finance company.

Sure.

And that was a mess.

So Silicon Valley did not love our pitch.

We did not do well there.

What was the logic behind IPOing so fast?

Was this just the company was growing and made more sense?

We couldn't raise money.

Couldn't raise money.

Basically what I would say is I think, especially at the time,

our business model did not match what Silicon Valley was looking for.

and there wasn't private capital at scale outside of Silicon Valley

that we felt like we could get access to.

Our business model, I think, given how different it is from the status quo,

it surprisingly, though, like the economics and the underlying business itself

are very similar to something that is highly scaled.

So it worked better in our pitches with more of like a New York style audience

than with kind of a Bay Area style audience.

And so I think we basically were forced to go there

because that's where the money was.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Yeah, what was the...

If I'm remembering correctly, eventually you had plenty of support on the West Coast.

I'm thinking of like Neil Mehta and Greenoaks.

Oh, for sure.

Is he not one of your big advocates and big believers?

No, we did.

So we went public in 2017.

We were a four-year-old company.

And I think as far as I'm aware, I'm not positive.

This is like a precisely correct stat.

But I think in terms of like first day, first week, first month,

performance, we were like the worst IP of 2017. We barely got out the door. And we kind of

bounced around for a while. I think around 2019, we started to really make progress. And then in

2020, you know, COVID was actually an incredibly scary time because we're a transactional business

and a distributed transactional business. And so when transactions go to zero and you have this

big cost structure, that's like a real problem. So it was a really scary time for three or four

months and then it turned into like all of a sudden everyone was just saying oh carvon is like a

COVID story because it was like we we kind of answered that moment and so I think then we were

really popular for you know 18 months everyone thought we were smart and that felt cool but then 22

came around and I don't know if we want to hit that in like a separate segment or whatever but

everyone told us we were dumb again very clearly through the markets but I think you know overall it's been

it's been it's been a really fun and very dynamic journey I would say yeah well to talk about post

the workforce, the incentive structure, how everything changes as you take a company public that early.

What does it take to keep everyone sort of rowing in the same direction?

I think it's less of a change than maybe I even would have imagined ahead of time.

Like I think we told everyone exactly why we were going public.

You know, it gave us access to capital that was hard to get otherwise.

It also, because we have a finance company and we have inventory that we own,

and so you finance that.

It gave us better access to other capital markets.

Sure.

I think there's a perception oftentimes that kind of like the IPO is the end.

That's like what success looks like.

And we were doing it so early and it so obviously wasn't the end.

Then in a way it was kind of like helpful.

But I do think there was like a little bit of an internal narrative for a second there of like,

did we do it?

Like are we done?

But we quickly turned that around and just kind of said,

now we're a public company.

We've got to be a little bit more careful about making sure we disclose information

in the same way to everyone.

That's like the biggest change.

But otherwise, here are 10 examples of companies

that have multiplied by 100 after going public.

And that's what we want to do.

So, you know, let's just march down that path.

Yeah, being more somewhat mature or complicated

on the financing side,

was, were you very aggressive about hiring, like, elite young finance talent,

like poaching from Wall Street banks

as opposed to, like, Stanford CS departments or both?

Like, did the shape, did the structure of the business financially change the recruiting profile?

Yeah.

I think we wanted hunger and horsepower, I would say.

And I think experience is something that is necessary, like, you know, on a scale from zero to 10 in experience, you want like two or three so you don't make really dumb mistakes.

But I think if you've got seven or eight, you oftentimes just think things have to work the way they've always worked.

And so I think a lot of the people that we brought in were, you know, somewhere between zero and four or five of experience.

I was probably more experienced than most in the finance area in particular.

Our CFO, just as you said, Stanford CS.

He was a PhD in econometrics from Stanford.

And, you know, just basically is he's someone who has absolutely incredible horsepower and throughput, but understood that world pretty well.

And I think a lot of times recruiting is about, do you have people, one, do you have a relatively flat organization?

I think people like working in flat organizations.

And then two, do you have people at the top that actually understand what the work is and how it works and how it impacts the user and the business?

And if you have that, I think a lot of times the most aggressive people want to work where they have visibility all the way up to the top.

And so I think in finance in particular, we were really lucky to have Mark.

What was the early expansion path?

Like, did you think about opening up specific markets, certain channels?

Like you mentioned auto trader.

Was there like, okay, we're doing a big, like, social media marketing push for the next leg up?

Or is it like we're taking the West Coast?

It was more like city by city.

City by city.

So Atlanta was our first city.

Okay.

And then we did Nashville and then we did Charlotte.

And it was kind of like we needed, because we have like a logistics element of our business.

You need to get enough density to make the economics work kind of in each, you know, like part of the network.

Yeah.

And so, yeah, we went city by city, and that was kind of the way we did it through probably

2020, give or take.

And, you know, now we're nationwide.

And so we're kind of growing across the country in all the different places.

Yeah.

And what was the strike team for expanding a new market?

Are you actually setting them an office or sending out some, you know, like of your most dynamic

employees to go hang out in a we work type of place?

Like, what's the philosophy behind like the ground game?

We call the last mile logistics market ops.

And so we had like a market ops SWAT team

would go out and kind of launch these markets.

Now what's nice about our system is all of the logic is deterministic.

All of the merchandising and everything is happening in kind of global way.

So everything except for the car getting unloaded off the nine car hauler at the location

and then delivered to the customer, everything else is kind of already standardized.

So really it was like that last leg to the customer.

It was the functional thing that was happening.

and then it was just absorption of any issues that happened anywhere else in the system.

So it was very much like dynamic, fun people that were unexpected to be delivering cars to customers

that gave them an experience that was awesome.

And I think that was kind of how we rolled out market by market.

Is valuation deterministic?

For vehicles.

Yes.

Because I imagine that there's probably some mistakes where you get, you acquire some car and you wind up being, oh, this is a rare one.

It's worth more than we bought it for.

vice versa, and I'm wondering about the process of tightening your book value to the actual real

world resale value based on market fluctuations, but also just like, yeah, we didn't notice

the seats were a little more scuff than we thought.

Yeah.

So first, like a practical answer to that, which is, so we do, when we pick up a car, we'll

run it through a process, including an OBD2 scan, which kind of checks the date on the car.

And in a small percentage of cases, if the variation is large versus our expectation, we will reprice the vehicle.

But for the vast majority, well over 90% of customers, they're going to get exactly the value that they saw.

Now, I think more like fundamentally, the problem there is can you be as good at it digitally and from a distance as other people are in person?

And I think that the answer to that question I think was surprising to people.

That was another area that I think people thought it would be a major business model problem.

But we ran a test super early on where we basically looked at a pre-run list of a bunch of cars that were going to sell at auction.

And we said, okay, we're going to have physical buyers go out.

So buyers are what the industry calls, people that go to auction and buy cars.

They put hands on the car.

They open it up.

They turn on the AC.

They check everything.

They buy the car.

And these auctions, you're talking about industry-oriented auctions.

So, like, somebody trades in a car to get a new car at a traditional dealership, and then the dealership doesn't want the car.

so they're auctioning it off to other dealers.

And so there's dealers there.

Is that right?

So it's like a wholesale auction

that consumers wouldn't see

that dealers go to all the time.

So we had a bunch of buyers go around

and on 100 cars, they said,

here's what I think it's going to trade for.

And then we built a model

and we said on those 100 cars,

what do we think they're going to trade for?

And then we calculated the absolute average error

of those two processes.

And the buyers were off on average by about 1,

and we were off on average by 1,000 bucks

in our Gen 1 model.

And so we were like with very little data feeding it.

and very little specific data about the car.

So I think early on, we were pretty confident that while it's hard to be exactly right,

it wasn't going to be that hard to be as right as the market we were competing with was,

and that's what mattered.

And so it is deterministic.

Yeah.

We talk to a lot of founders that are, when you look at their roadmaps and what they want to do in the future,

it's very, like, product-oriented.

It's like, we have to launch this new market, or the best example of,

of is like in defense tech it's like we need to land this program of record and then we need to

fulfill that it feels like with carvana it's like you just need to get better every single day at

buying and selling uh cars and then you just need to kind of do that forever i it's hard for me to see

you guys like entering like the luxury you know super upmarket category like being at a like

car week which is uh but it's very easy to see just owning more and more and more and

more of the of the of the of the of the of the use market but how do you think about that how do how is a

different motivating a team around just getting better at what you already do every day versus

like a bunch of like net new sort of product oriented innovation so for what I think um I think

hopefully we succeed in both of those dimensions but I think the observations very right and I think

like the motivation part is also an interesting question I think different people are different

So in this way of categorizing people, I would say I am more the product person.

Like I'm more the person that gets really excited about what can we build, what can we change,

how can we get the system more efficient and better than it was yesterday.

And then I think that generally what I would call operators are people that wake up in the morning

and they're really excited about getting a quarter percent better every day,

which will compound to massive differences.

But just having that constant feedback of improvement is more what motivates them every day.

And I think that where the business is today, we're in this, like, interesting spot where we've built a customer experience that we're super proud of that we think is great.

The business model, you know, even at the relatively small scale compared to the market that we're at today, is producing, you know, returns that are two to two and a half times kind of what is normal in the industry.

But then we're only 2% market share.

And we find that kind of as we build more cars, we sell more cars.

So I think we've made it to a spot where we don't know exactly what the total scope of the demand is, but it's more than we're.

able to produce cars today. And so there's a lot of value to just make sure you make the

machine a little bit better and bigger every single day and spend less of your energy on all of the

dramatic changes that could exist. And I think honestly, that's a hard thing. I think like in a

business, finding a way to focus on where you get the most leverage is really, really hard. And I think

a lot of times the people that are best at inventing businesses are really bad at focusing on the things

where you get the most leverage.

And so I think learning that lesson the hard way,

which is part of what I would say happened to us in 21 heading into 22,

is I think what helps us try to manage that balance.

But then I also think we definitely have people inside the company

that have enormous dreams and want to build big, beautiful, amazing things.

And so we also have a lot of product we're really excited by.

But there's no question in the position that we're in right now.

What is going to matter to our next five years of economic performance

is going to be how well do we execute?

in making that machine a little better and a little bigger every single day over and over again.

Yeah. What does the future, you guys acquire a car?

What is, you know, looking out maybe 10 years, what do you think it looks like to acquire a vehicle?

How much can robotics play in basically taking a car that was just purchased from somebody

and making it ready for another person to acquire it?

Because, yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, I basically, all these OEMs are investing in robotics.

Then there's all these automotive shops.

I'm sure you guys have your own process.

But it feels like we'll get to the point where there will be something like a lights out factory

where a car goes in one side and it comes out the other side, you know, fully restored.

I just have no idea how long that'll take.

Yeah.

I think we're rooting for that to happen in many ways because I think it would make us,

the thing that today constrains our scalability the most is reconditioning cars.

It's putting that $1,000 parts and labor in.

So I think that would be very exciting.

I think the problem that OEMs face is more simply automatable than the problem that we face

because every car is getting the exact same process is done to it.

For us, you know, the car's coming in, you inspect it, you figure out what the car needs,

and then every car is getting different processes done.

So it's a process that is likely to be automated more, more.

slowly, I would say, than traditional manufacturing. But we're definitely paying attention. I think

there will be elements of it, like, you know, changing tires, things that are highly replicable

that probably happen faster. Today, most of what were focused on...

But even like, it doesn't seem like that far away to having systems that could fix up little

knicks on paint and things like that in an automated way, even though every car is going to have

different rock chips and things like that. Agreed. I think all that stuff, right now the assessment

of those things is getting better all the time.

I think automating the workflows for like what does the person who's doing it need to do is getting better and more automated all the time.

And then I think the actual physical work so far, like in auto manufacturing facilities, it's, you know, they generally have those big robots that look like an arm.

You know what I mean?

They're not like a general purpose humanoid robots that can do like anything.

And I think it is, it is likely it'll take a little bit more time for the work to be fully automated.

but we are paying a ton of attention.

And if that explodes at the same rate as, you know, like all of the LLMs,

then who knows how quickly that can happen.

Is current AI useful in any particular area?

You can imagine AI search, but also back office tooling.

Like, what's the shape of the impact?

Where is it actually working well?

Where it's like, it's a little bit earlier for that.

No, I mean, all over the place.

I think maybe two big buckets.

One is consumer facing and then one is like, what are we doing to try to move faster as a

business and everything we're trying to do from a product perspective. But I think on the consumer

facing side, the more complicated the underlying transaction is, the more value there is to simplifying

it. And so for a customer who's buying a car, they wake up in the morning and they want a car,

but they have an old car's payment, they have some cash as payment, they have some finances payment,

they don't know if they want a warranty or not. There's a lot of complication in that transaction.

In order to get the car and get it registered, they're going to have to change over their

insurance, right? They're going to have to sign contracts. They're going to have to upload documents

for verifications for finance and for title and registration.

So the more complicated that process is,

and the more that our systems are designed in a way where all those processes are deterministic,

so there's no human negotiating each underlying economic item,

the more that you can use AI to string that together and give people really simple experiences.

So I think there's a ton that we're doing already that's really fun and interesting.

And because we built it in a way where it was pushed through a wire already with no kind of,

you know, F&I agent sitting next to the customer.

Everything we've built is like an, it's like a service architecture.

Like everything is separable and deterministic.

So it lends itself very well to then you can dump that into an AI.

A person can ask a natural language question.

And we can give a super complex and super complete answer to their questions.

So I think that's fun.

And then what's also fun is I think in any of these things,

you know, going back to value in cars even,

what matters is how good of an experience can,

you give your customers compared to everyone else.

And in the world of automotive retail, we're not competing with other players that have

vertical integration, deterministic systems or automated systems.

And so the quality of answer that we can give relative to our competition is very, very high.

So I think that's a really fun area for us right now.

And even like the types of products you want to build, I think change when you have systems

that can string together so many deterministic processes, but also overlay.

it with discretion that you can trust. That even changes the realm of things that can be automated.

So I think we're doing all kinds of fun stuff there. And then internally, like every other

company, we're trying to move as fast as we can. And the tool set is changing so fast. It's super

fun. Are you coaching or answering stressful calls from any sasspocalypse victims?

Because I feel like you've been on a particularly wild roller coaster ride where I've

never seen a stock chart where it's so clear that the, I don't want to talk too much trash about

the investor community, but it was like, they got it wrong. We got it wrong first. They got it wrong.

It's just this gap in the chart. And you're like, okay, well, clearly there's something wrong here.

But it feels like a lot of a lot of SaaS company CEOs are sort of going through that. Many of them

are already out of that trough. But what advice do you know? I think the advice is like build a highly

distributed business with tons of physical inventory and complex.

Real world?

Like, because you guys are in a perfect position.

You guys are like a flight to safety now because it's like, hey, like, yeah, try

rebuilding Carvana with AI.

It's just like, you know, we're at least 20 years away from, you know.

Where do you get the demand?

The liquidity is what is so much of the value.

I mean, I think there is a lot of truth in that.

I think if I were to try to give advice, though, I think what I would.

say is it's just the themes that are popular in markets will change. Sure. And they change every

couple of years and they oftentimes change dramatically. And generally the swings are more

violent than they ultimately prove that they should have been. I think that's probably true in

most cases. So I think that what you want to try to do if that's true is just set up everyone

inside the company to know that's going to happen sometimes. So it doesn't feel like, I think many

people inside of a company have this perception of investors that they're like all knowing

masters of the universe. And when the stock moves, it's because something deeply true and

fundamental changed. When, you know, in reality, they're really smart people that have, you know,

a huge set of observations they've made over time. But they live in a world of pressure with moving

stock, you know, charts and with LPs that are putting them under pressure and changing

themes that one's reading about. There's an incentive to sell, even if you still believe in the company,

but you think a lot of other people are going to sell, too.

Exactly. You get into that thing. And then I think it's just like, we've, we've, we've, we've,

made it look harder than it probably had to look, but I think most successful stories,

you go through periods that are really hard. And I just think that for us internally, like the

way that we went through 22 and that was a hard period is we just talked about like,

okay, so this is this is our moment where we publicly look dumb and we got to ride it out

and go through the hard thing. But most companies that we really respect, if you look back in time

at their stock chart, they had their moment too. And so you have to go through that at some point.

Like at some point, every six, or not every, but the vast majority of successful companies,

are going to go through a period that's really hard.

And that's kind of the moment that matters.

Wash us out the mercenaries.

Exactly.

And yeah, you get people, and people get fired up about that.

Like, okay, cool, this is our hard moment.

That's like something you can rally around.

So I think, you know, every company will go through that

and you just got to keep getting up, I think.

Yeah, and congratulations to the team on so many back-to-back quarters of incredible execution.

Oh, thank you.

It's amazing to watch.

And same day of delivery now.

Yeah, exactly.

Make move.

Another announcement.

But it was fun to just get the whole story.

and go all over the place.

We'd love to talk to you again soon.

Awesome.

Thank you so much.

Appreciate it.

Yeah.

This was great.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Let me tell everyone about console.

Console.

Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of IT, HR, and finance support, giving employees

Insta Resolution for access requests and password resets.

And our next guest is already in the waiting room.

We have Alex Edelson from Slipstream Investors.

He's the founder in GP, and we'll bring them in to the TBPN Ultradome.

Alex, how you going on?

Thank you guys for having me.

Thank you for hopping on.

Where are you calling in from?

I am just outside of Washington, D.C.

Oh, fun.

Nice.

Beautiful backdrop.

Well, since this is your first time on the show,

would love for you to kick us off with an introduction on yourself

and Slipstream a little bit,

and then I'm sure we'll have a ton of questions to dig into.

Yeah, yeah.

So a little about Slipstream first,

and I'll give you my background.

So Slipstream is three things.

One, we're venture fund of funds.

We invest in pre-seed and seed funds.

mostly emerging managers.

Median fund size is around 30.

Average fund size, around 50.

And most of these funds are on their first three vintages.

They don't have to be, but that's what our typical investment profile looks like.

We're on our second fund.

We invest in about 10 to 15 funds in every fund of ours.

We also work with some of our LPs to help build out their venture portfolio.

So often when we invest, our LPs join us in these funds and invest alongside us.

And the third thing we do is we can use.

a portion of our capital to co-invest and our LPs like to co-invest. Before this like in

relevant part, I was at QED. So QED is a successful fintech focus venture firm founded by

Nigel Morris, one of the two Capital One co-founders. And I joined during Fund five. Funds

one through four were small, very successful funds. And the fifth fund I started as his chief

of staff, it's larger as outside capital. I became the C.O. I reluctantly became the general

counsel. I was a lawyer before that.

And recovering when I joined QED, trying not to be a lawyer anymore, but that didn't work.

And then we raised a much larger fund six, and I decided to leave before fund seven.

Slipstream, I started Slipstream in 21, so we're, we just turned five.

Congratulations.

Started it during the solo GP, boom, walk us through that whole, that whole experience.

Maybe, I don't know how much.

Was that like a new pitch?

the trend pieces started after it was already sort of happening, but it felt like sort of accidental

and maybe the brand got bolted on after the fact. Yeah, it was so interesting about that time was,

well, there were two competing things happening. One, it was probably a good time for me to raise our

fund. It was not a great time. It wasn't like a healthy time for the strategy. There's so many funds

of so much capital coming into the ecosystem. Valuations are really high, like probably not the

most disciplined investing going on during that period. And so like we may look back on

that period is like not a great vintage.

Yeah. Um, which I can talk about like how we manage that. But like from a,

from a fundraising perspective, there were some positives. But like, yeah, when I started this,

people were telling me things like, oh, you know, this is sort of like a 10 to 15 year old

concept. Nobody wants to do this. No one wants to pay a second layer of fees. Um, and when the

market sort of, you know, the market cycles through like boom or like hotter and colder periods.

And in the hotter periods, sometimes folks think like, oh, I can do this myself. Like,

but me, I'm seeing good stuff.

It all feels up into the right.

You know, maybe I'll just be a direct investor and then that doesn't maybe go as they hope.

And then maybe I should invest in funds.

And then like that doesn't go well.

It's like maybe I should invest in a fund of funds.

And there's sort of a cycle to this through market fluctuations.

I want to know about that specifically like the the purpose, like the like what LPs are most excited about it.

Is it getting toeholds in the future, great scale up, huge venture?

venture capital firms or is it actually like returns at the early stage that they think that they can

find are there other pieces of like value add and and reasons to invest across a broad set of early

stage managers yeah it's such a good question so there's not one answer and I can come back to the

question about like kind of what was I seeing in terms of emerging manager land in 2021 because they're like

there were some funny stories about people you're just sitting there kind of like I don't know why

this person has a fund but like here they are and it's like a $5 million fund book but I'll come back to

So yeah, like on your question, like there's not one answer because some folks are, yeah, they're out to like find firms, like venture firms.

We want the next institution.

We want the next acquit.

We want to see it first.

And then we'll be in a great position to deploy a lot of capital with these folks over many funds of theirs.

And that, I see that.

That makes sense.

That's not really our strategy.

But some of the funds, incidentally, will become, I mean, hopefully will become that if that's what they want.

Yeah.

Some of them, though, that's not the dream.

And that's not the dream for the LPs and that's not the dream for the GPs.

Like for some of them, it's just like, I want to get great returns from these funds.

I believe that the best performing funds are these small funds on their first few vintages.

They have very unique portfolio construction that we can talk about that if you want.

And there are folks who just want returns.

And then like these funds, as they grow potentially towards like becoming more of like an institutional like long enduring platform, maybe outgrow those LPs.

So like for me, we'll invest in some of these.

funds when they're small and then it's almost like we were like releasing them into the wild like we

can introduce them to our RPs and other LPs but like they outgrow us yeah oh interesting so you'll

so somebody will will come to you and it's sort of this sad moment where they're like Alex like I'm ready

for the half a billion dollar fund and then you guys you know hug and say goodbye is that is that it

because it feels like I mean I mean imagine a lot of the I'm curious like how some of these early conversations

go because I'm sure a lot of GPs will say like, yeah, I just want to have like, you know,

small funds, focus on returns and just do, you know, a $50 million fund every, every couple

years, forever. And then given that, you know, half of our friends are, you know, GPs, it feels like

every single one of those, the second they really are in a position to raise the like the nine

figure fund, almost all of them go for it. And it's really like a very small group of people that

just stick with these smaller funds. And so, uh, how do those conversations go early? Like,

are you, are you able to like pull out the honest truth with a lot of them, which is that they

do want to scale up massively? Um, or is, is it, is it sometimes a bit of a surprise?

Yeah, it's a great question. It's never a surprise. No, like my mission is to get a sense for where

they want this to go. The answer is like that sometimes they don't know. Like they're just getting

started. They're on a fund one or a fund. Two, it's small. They want to see how the market evolves.

They want to see how their sourcing evolves. Maybe they can get there really early. They think they

can get more ownership or for one reason or other. They think they can get more ownership. They can

scale up without getting adversely selected and that even though they'll raise a larger fund in their

future funds and they'll target higher ownership that like they shouldn't, they shouldn't sort of

generate worse performance than those small early funds. Like they're they a lot of people just want to

see how it goes. Now, certainly, like, in the back of their mind, they might have aspirations

of building something large. And my hope is that, like, in the process of getting to know them,

they'll be open with me and, like, feel like it's safe to share that with me. And my commitment

to them is that, like, I need to be open with them. So, like, often the conversations early on,

if people are thinking about, you know, a fund or two down the line, raising funds that would be

outside our strike zone, like, it's on me to say, like, hey, I'm probably not going to be

with you at that point. Well, yeah, you also, if they go, if they go from, you know,

$25 million or $30 million fund, and then they have the opportunity to raise 200 plus.

It probably means that the first fund is performing or the first one or two funds are performing

quite well, which is good for you.

So I think it's pretty.

Yeah.

Well, what's interesting about this is like, yeah, like it's interesting about this.

Like we have, I mean, there's so many ways this conversation go, but one thing on my mind

is like, yes, people typically want to get bigger, but I think their mission should be get

good returns on the first few funds.

If you get good returns on the first few funds, you get to be in venture for a long

time. And if you don't get good returns on the first few funds, it'll be hard to raise future

funds. And so, like, the long-term greedy move, like in a long-term greedy game is to get returns

as many funds in a row as you can before you start scaling. And so, yeah, but like one thing

you said that came to mind there is like, I was actually worried when starting a slipstream,

that, like, this could get boring. Like, what if we do a good job? And we get into great funds. And we just

start re-uping in those funds because they're so great. Yeah, there's no sourcing.

Isn't this a boring job? Like, why am I, what am I doing? I'll never find new folks. I won't need

to meet new names. I'll just like re-up in these great funds. And I guess that's good for

returns. So why should I not do that? And what I'm realizing over the last five years is like,

no, there's like a natural evolution to this. And like, we stick with people for two or three

funds in a perfect world. And then like they might outgrow us and we get to add new names.

Like there's always, there are always new funds for us to meet and for us to invest in. We're

always adding new names. And that does keep it fun for me. So there's like almost, it's like a

natural part of what you're saying. It actually creates some energy and joy for me personally.

Because like these people outgrow me like we can help them raise hopefully more from

LPs we introduced them to than they're losing from us not re-uping. And then like we can

continue to meet new managers and add votes to our portfolio. So on your side, how do you think about

how do you think about timing? Like on one hand,

hand, like I feel like it's like the manager's job to make sure that they don't, you know, deploy their

entire fund, let's say during a 2021, like we were talking about earlier, where valuations are

super high, you're paying 100x revenue. And then even if the companies do well, you don't really

make money, which has happened a lot. How do you think about deploying, like, through cycles as a

fund of fund to make sure that your LPs do as well as possible?

Yeah, it's a great question.

So there's sort of two layers to this.

Like one, there's like the GP layer.

There are folks we're working with whose funds we're investing in and we're collaborating

with them as a partner.

Like hopefully we're talking all the time and we're talking about this.

And then there's like the slipstream fund of funds level.

And that is like where it's our mission to build diversity and like diversification into

our portfolio construction.

So we get plenty of vintage diversification and time diversification.

Like in a typical fund of ours, we have two.

to three years of vintage diversification. We have five to six years of time diversification in terms

of investments, initial investments made. And then, you know, we obviously have diversification

across sectors and some across geographies. And so if we're investing in 10 to 15 funds and

we're getting, you know, four to 600 companies in each portfolio of ours, like we have a decent

amount of time diversification, but it's more interesting to me, like we kind of just have that

programmatically built in. And so, we have that.

So I don't want to try to time the market from our perspective.

It's hard for me to say, like, oh, this is a great time.

You should put more into this.

I don't know.

I want to smooth our coverage out over a period of years in a consistent way.

There is one exception to that, though, which is that when we started this, like I said, like,

it wasn't a very healthy time.

I thought it was not a very healthy time for deploying capital through our strategy.

And so I did, there was a period of time when I, we went five quarters without.

making an investment.

And that was like pretty uncomfortable.

Like I was getting calls.

I got a call from one of our OPs.

I'll never forget asking like, are you doing anything?

It's like, man, I think we're doing the right thing.

Like, I think this, we're all going to be really happy in a few years.

But, but no, I'm not deploying a lot of capital right now.

And so I have to be careful with that.

Yeah.

So that dynamic of like pressing the brake, stepping off the gas.

It happens at every layer of the stack.

There are startups that recognize the end.

of ZERP and they cut back, stretch to 36 months between raises.

There are funds like Founders Fund, you know, TIL has this saying about how we told everyone

for a year, just go to the beach because we don't want to make any investments.

It's happening at the Fund of Funds layer.

I'm sure it's happening at the LP layer.

Like, how much is, is it most pronounced at your layer you think?

Are there any GPs who can actually raise a fund at the top and resist buying the top and then

deploy at the bottom?

because that feels like the mythical best possible outcome, but it doesn't happen.

It's so hard to do.

So like the overwhelming majority of folks don't have that level of discipline or patience.

It's so hard.

And especially because like if we just step back, there's this thing that people say like in venture and it's like, like, oh, should we play the game on the field?

Or should we not?

And like, what are our LP's paying us for?

Well, they're paying us to get exposure to venture during some period of time.

And like if that period of time happens to be.

a hot time in the market, then I should just play the game on the field, and I guess, like,

that's my job. And I kind of resist that a bit. Like, my feeling on this is like, no, your job

is to get venture skill returns or do your best to get venture skill returns. And if that requires,

like, changing your strategy or slowing down or doing something differently in light of what's

going on in the market, like, that I think is the right move. Like, when we're five, 10 years down the

and LPs are pushing you on like, hey, what did you do when the market was hot?

You can say, well, I just played the game on the field like everyone else.

And so, like, that's why my returns are bad too.

Or you could say, like, no, like, we were really careful.

We were really patient.

We set the bar very high.

We tweaked our strategy.

Like, that kind of stuff really resonated when folks were reflecting on their 2021 and 22 vintages.

But there were just so few GPs who were able to say that.

There are a handful.

I can't count that many of them, unfortunately.

unfortunately. But I think the LP world was like very impressed by folks who took 2021 and

2022, who managed that in like a very disciplined way. How do how do you handle like co-invest

opportunities right now specifically because everything is getting marked up? At least it feels

that way. You have the fifth five through 10th best company in a category still getting

marked up. Oftentimes for a good reason, just because a lot of stuff is growing in a meaningful way.

But oftentimes, like, it's the same kind of opportunity where I'm sure you're getting

co-invest opportunities where it seems like, you know, super talent, dense team, but you're being

asked to invest at, you know, some really, really, really insane revenue multiple for a company

that is, you know, a couple years old. And I guess, like, what's the, your job is, your job is

to be evaluating, like, managers. And so you have to put some trust in them that they're,

that they're bringing a great opportunity for you. But you're also giving the opportunity

to your LPs and saying, like, hey, I think this is a good opportunity. It's such a good

question and really top of mind because, like, we get more co-investment opportunities in these

hot markets, obviously. We have a ton now. We saw a ton in 2022. And for me, the answer has like a few

components. One, I have to like think pretty carefully about like, what are the GPs blind

spots and biases who's like bringing me these? This is one of their most promising companies,

right? But like their view of that company is a bit limited. Like once they invested in that

company, they're probably not looking at all the competitors at that stage. They're not

leaving this next round in most cases. Sometimes we do have managers who are like preempting around

and that's unusual and cool and a little higher conviction, I think, for them and us.

But often it's like, man, the GPs know this company really well, but they also have biases and blinds spots.

And so that's hard for me.

These folks that we're investing are also like relatively early in their investing career.

They just have like fewer reps.

And so yeah, I have to factor that into like into account when I'm making decisions about these.

And then like I think about my time at QED and like I thought, I'll speak for myself like not QED.

I thought like a lot of our LPs would,

they would do more co-investing than maybe they did.

And realize like the bar needs to be very high

for a GP to show LPs of co-investment

because at the time that GP raises their next fund,

the LPs are not going to know a lot about how the last fund is performing,

but they might know how a co-investment is trending.

And like that's going to impact whether they kind of like trust or doubt the GP.

And so like my hope is that GPs are like,

hey, I bet my LPs commitment to my next fund on this co-investment, that they're going to be

glad they did it if I'm showing to them. Like, that's the bar I hope people are using or something like

that. It's almost like, sometimes I jokingly, like, would you like fly to D.C. and like, tell me,

I'm crazy if I don't make this co-investment. Like, is that the level of conviction here? Or is this,

like, a really good company that's taking off and you want to share the opportunity with LPs

and it's a good opportunity for them and it's a good opportunity for you? But maybe not that level

of conviction for you. Like, I'm really trying to figure out what their level of conviction is.

And the last thing I'll say is, like, I need to think about, like, what I'm uniquely positioned

to do. Like, if I'm, if I'm seeing all these co-investments, like, am I the best person to evaluate

all these co-investments? And if I'm, if I think I am in a good position to evaluate a co-investment,

then the question is like, well, am I going to do just one? Or am I going to build, like, a small portfolio?

And then if I build a small portfolio, I have to ask, like, is my small portfolio likely to, like,

outperform the next fund we might invest in? Or should I just use these slots?

for another fund.

And so, like, in reality, the way this has worked for me is, like,

I haven't made any co-investance out of our funds.

And we're, like, five years into this.

And we've had some great ones.

Now, we bring them to our LPs, and we either don't recommend them,

or we say, basically, I could see if this would be a fit for you.

And I'm happy to help you run it down.

But, like, I want you to feel like you can get to conviction on your own with the information

that I'm sharing with you.

And, like, I would encourage you to build a portfolio of these and not just do one.

and then we put SBs together for them.

So I guess that's a very long way of saying, like, we're pretty careful and we haven't

done any out of the fund because it's hard to do this from my seat.

Now, if you get it right, amazing, like if you're in great co-investance, that's great.

And they certainly could help people fundraise.

Like in my position, in a hot market, co-investing could help me fundraise because we're

likely to get some quick markups from that.

I just worry that like, yeah, maybe that isn't the right path to getting like long-term

So that seems pretty focused. Do you think that the overall fund strategies are becoming less focused or less blurry?

Is there like a broad trend here? Because you see venture capitalists who are known for software investing in everything from semiconductors to data center constructors to hard tech, defense tech, biotech.

And then also you have blurriness on the strategy side. You're doing a billion dollar seed round.

Maybe you're playing in public markets. Maybe you're a hedge fund that's also been private investments.

It feels like we've been at a blur the bluriest it's ever been in terms of defining what a fund even is these days.

But is that what you're seeing or is there still like a healthy batch of super focused tech VC managers?

It's funny.

I think there's been like this is fluctuated over time.

Like some there have been times in the market where people are like, I don't think there's any place for a generalist fund.

You'll never be a sector focus fund.

We can only invest in sector focus funds.

If you're not a sector focus fund, you'll lose to all the sector focus funds.

you know, and then, and then you're, I feel like we're in a period right now where it's like,

no, if you have access to like the great talent, the best talent at the earliest stage,

is you can find them like at or before inception.

Like, that's a, that's a really compelling way to win in this market.

And those are typically generalist funds.

And so, like, I don't think there's one answer here, but yes, I am seeing,

oh, the longer you're in this, the longer you see people's strategies evolve from like,

hey, we focus on certain sectors.

Like, if we just like look at their web pages from like a couple years ago,

it's like, oh, you used to be a crypto fund.

And like now you're like an AI fund.

And then like maybe you're becoming like a hardware fund.

And I think like yes, you see a lot of that.

You see.

And and for my position like obviously like we're all skeptical.

Any investors going to be skeptical.

And and my job, I think, is just to like figure out who's uniquely positioned

to like execute on whatever strategy they have and like generate significant outperformance.

And like ideally like be generated top decimal returns.

And so, yes, I am seeing from a sector focus, I do see drift over time.

And but it's case by case when I'm making an investment decision.

Like I kind of assume they are what they are today.

And I like push on what they used to be and why they evolved.

And you can kind of figure out whether it's-

Best funds.

Like they did evolve.

They were investing in semiconductor companies and then internet technology companies.

And those were related, but very different structurally.

So as long as you navigate the translation.

the translation, it can be good.

How much do you care about being in one of the next, like, truly legendary funds?

I'm thinking, like, an FFF, you know, it was FF1, right?

FF2 is a 300X.

Or, like, a lowercase.

Like, is that something that you tell your LPs, like, if we're swinging for offenses?

Not swinging, well.

Kind of.

But I think by backing the next great class of managers,

you are, you should, in theory, over the course of like 10, 20 years,

you should get in one of those, you should get in one of those legendary fun.

Yeah, yeah. It's so interesting. Like, certainly doing that will help you. But the question is

always, like, by the time you know you were in one of those, and then let me get back to, like,

how important is it for me to be in one of those. But the time you know you were in one of those,

that was probably a long time ago, right? Like, you have an amazing fond.

FF2.

It's 20 years.

That's what I'm saying.

I'm saying 20 years from now.

Yeah.

And so like if I like if we're saying that about like slipstream in 20 years,

oh look at this.

He was in one of the best funds of the last 20 years or something.

Isn't he so great?

Like the question will be like well he was great then but like is he still that great now?

I don't know.

And so like that's the problem with all of venture investing.

And like sometimes people talk about like oh emerging man investing in emerging management is so hard

because they've limited trackers.

It's not that much to evaluate.

I totally agree.

Like, it's hard.

But I think it's hard to evaluate in funds that have established track records, too.

Unless they're, like, the major platforms that are, like, pretty stable.

There are other things changing those, like fund size and portfolio construction.

It's very hard.

Like, you're basing your decisions on returns that are, like, based on a different time,

a different fund size, maybe a different team.

Like, you're always trying to figure out, is this team uniquely positioned today?

But, like, to generate great returns.

But to come back off of that riff and, like, to get back.

to like the stride to get back to like the importance of getting into one of those funds is something

I think about all the time like especially when I was just starting out one of the questions I was

sort of posed to myself is like does it matter to me to be in the best performing funds we meet in a

given year or is our jobs to make sure that like every investment we make is a good investment

like the best investments like the 300 X investments are like sure I would love to be in those

of course I would love to be in this but like often those are like pretty.

weird funds. Like, it could be some like two million dollar fund that you like is totally not

clear at the time. And it's very difficult to underwrite. And they get in a couple good,

good companies. And like, it's a ridiculous outcome. Like, sure, it is my job to invest in funds

that have limited track records and to try to figure out who has increased odds of like significantly

outperforming. And so I hope that I am able to get into the best funds of the vintages when I'm

investing. But the reality is like, if we're investing in good funds, like, we can generate

great returns without those. I certainly would

love to be in those, though. I don't think

like Slipstream success is defined by being

in those. Totally. Totally. Yeah. Yeah.

It's more of like a personal thing. Like, you know,

after these 20 years,

I feel like you're going to be

I think

I think there's a good, I think there's a good shot.

This is a... Oh, man.

I don't know. I don't know. We actually, yeah,

we just had our first fund

will be... We're about to have our first

fund at over 20x. So

That's like a big, there you go.

There you go.

We're hitting the gong for that.

Hey.

This was a super fun conversation.

Let's make it a usual thing.

It's a great to get a pulse check on the market.

I'm glad to meet Connected us.

Yeah, so much.

Oh, thank you guys.

Thanks for having me on.

I'd love to.

Thanks so much.

Cheers, Alex.

We'll talk to you soon.

Goodbye.

Codex is a powerful workspace for getting worked done with AI agents.

Whether you're writing code, analyzing data, creating content, or audits.

business workflows codecs helps you move projects forward from start to finish our next guest

is already in the waiting room we have niko simco from claire he's the co-founder and CEO how you doing

nico welcome to the show hey guys thank you so much for having me thanks so much for helping on

why don't you introduce yourself in the company a little bit and then give us the milestone i want to

hit the gong amazing big day big day for us uh nico simco here founder and ceo of clare um

Basically in a nutshell, what we do is we try to solve one of the biggest inefficiencies we think is in the U.S. labor force, which is if you work today, you need to wait two weeks for your paycheck. And so we try to distribute that as far as we can. And today the company has crossed $100 million in, we announced, $100 million in revenue run rate.

Okay. So break down a little bit more how the business works. You guys are serving five percent.

I believe of small businesses in the U.S.

You're integrated into the payroll system.

Busto, QuickBooks, Trinette, the big guys.

Yeah, and it's funny when I, yeah, when I first started,

I was surprised that this was not like a thing.

Maybe it was or just at a much smaller scale.

But as soon as I understood how payroll systems worked,

I was wondering like why employees didn't get access to funds,

couldn't get access to them early if a payroll system

like knew that they were still an active employee working feels like pretty easy to underwrite but it doesn't make sense for the company necessarily to be in that type of you know short-term lending business but yeah walk through maybe like the history of this category how you came upon the opportunity and yeah maybe even how you how you were kind of diligenceing the opportunity early on because I imagine it was one of those things

that maybe you're like, why doesn't this exist already?

Am I missing something?

You're making my life easy because basically that's very much in line of like what I think I had,

but also many people that joined the company early,

whether it's like employees, investors, so on and so forth.

It's bad.

It's like, look, we live in an instant world, right?

You can click a few buttons and get any movie you want in the world.

But at the same time, if, you know, I was outside of the credit system,

that's maybe a good tangent to go in.

It's like I came to the U.S.

without any credit history.

My parents were not from here.

I was an F1 student.

I had a job at JPMorgan after college.

I still couldn't get a credit card.

I got so many denials.

You were a student of F1, Formula One?

I was an F1 visa student.

I wish I was a student in F1.

But yeah, like, no, the reality is like I went through this entire journey of being outside of the kids of 25 million people like that in the country.

And then there's another, I would say, roughly 30, 35 percent of the U.S. workforce that is basically,

not in a prime category. And it's like, okay, if that's the case and 50% Americans work paycheck

to paycheck, why can't credit be connected to the workplace? And of course, short-term credit

is one piece, but you can think about car loans, right? There's lenders that are really

would like to extend credit to that asset, but at the same time, it's risky. And so can

they create a way to kind of connect that via the payroll system? And what it does, it decreases

the risk, decreases the cost to the consumers, and the entire system becomes more efficient.

honestly, I couldn't stop talking about this for many years and ended up kind of like leaving

JP Morgan and starting the company.

What was the MVP?

Like, what was the first customer?

Did you go to a payroll platform and try and integrate or did you go direct to a company

and have just a like a web app?

Like what?

Do you need a bank charter for this?

Like money transfer licenses?

Like how does all that work to actually start this business?

Yeah, absolutely.

A lot to unpack here.

So I'll try to maybe take it high level and then we break it down.

But the idea, really first principle is my co-founder and I sat down and we realized, like, okay, what is the perfect product?

And the perfect product we thought of at the time, left our jobs then in 2019, restarting incorporating everything in 2020, was if you could have a digital bank that connects to the workplace and every single time you work, basically your funds are available in your bank account if you need them, that would be perfect.

And it's instant, it's free, it's perfect, and that's the trade-off.

That product did not work.

And the simple reason why that a product did not work

is because when you're asking someone

to move their entire financial life

over to a new digital bank,

it's a lot to ask for it.

It's like going on a date

and asking somebody to get married on the first day.

It's like, it's a lot, right?

And so maybe that's where you'll end up

but like, you know, don't do it immediately.

And so we kind of like, it made us a little bit more humble

and we spent a lot of time with our user base.

My co-founder, like, flew down to like public schools.

Then in Georgia, I mean, at the principals

around like how public school teachers

don't get paid during the summer.

They only get paid monthly.

And it's, and then we start,

realize that, you know, there's a way to do this, which is embedded inside of payroll.

People trust their payroll system. We all sign up for, you know, anyways, health care products

through payroll. And payroll companies are becoming workforce super apps, right?

Like, love the partners we work for because they really have this vision. They're like,

one app, solves a lot of things. And so we went after these providers. And we're like, look,

we want to, we want to foster your brand. We're not trying to send people to another app.

So that's when we decided to pivot and the company in two years kind of really, really accelerated

when we took that strategy.

Well, congratulations.

I want the opposite of this.

I would love to get Tyler working for like three months straight before we pay him a dime.

So he has to put in 90 days of hard labor until he gets a single paycheck, sort of the opposite.

Good things come.

Yeah, good things come to those who wait.

No, it makes a ton of sense.

And congratulations on the progress.

Thanks so much for coming on the show.

Yeah, very fascinating business.

Yeah, great to meet you, Nico.

We'll talk to you soon.

Bye-bye.

What's the only thing faster than the AI market?

Your business on.

LongoD. Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

Our next guest is already in the waiting room.

We have Ian McGinley from Sidley-Austin-L-P.

He's a partner there.

Former head of enforcement for the CFTC.

How you doing, Ian? Welcome to the show.

Thanks for having me, guys.

Thank you so much for taking the time.

Great to have you.

I would love for you to set the stage for us

with a little bit of your backstory and career

and what's on your mind in terms of prediction markets.

We talk about prediction markets all the time.

Sometimes they're really useful.

There's a whole bunch of complicated issues that I'm sure you can help us unpack.

But we'd love to start with your background.

Yeah, yeah.

And by the way, there's a lot of prediction markets on TBPN stuff, you know, including who's going to be your guests.

That has happened a few times.

Also, it's happened.

Yeah, I would say some of my least favorite moments around the show on the show where when I realized that there had been a prediction market set up around things that one of our guests would say.

because the people, then you would get a bunch of people in the chat that weren't here.

They didn't care about the content at all.

They only cared about trying to manipulate us.

Exactly.

Ask about Bitcoin or whatever.

Normally the chat's really helpful and actually providing really great.

It just sort of ruined our chat.

Anyway, we're already started with the grapes, but kick us off with the backstory.

Yeah.

Yeah.

So, right, I'm at a law firm called Sidley Austin right now.

But before that, I was the head of enforcement at the CFTC.

That's the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.

I don't think people had really heard of it until recently, you know, because it was really regulating agriculture.

And now it's involved in prediction markets, crypto, and some of really the hottest topics around in finance.

And before that, I was at SD&Y for a long time doing white collar crime insider trading, you know, back in the day.

And so I've seen it from all sides.

And now I help people try to navigate, you know, what's going on in the regulatory environment, which is active.

You know, there's so much going.

How active is it?

It feels like the game's over to me.

I don't know.

How do you feel about the prediction markets?

It feels like they're here to stay, that, you know, you love them, you hate them,

Sager and Jetty, not a fan, clearly.

Other people have a lot of money riding on these companies, but it feels like it's mature.

It feels like it's decided.

Are there more points to decide at this point?

Oh, definitely, yeah.

But, I mean, I think top line, they are here to stay.

I mean, they've captivated the public's imagination, both retail and institutional, right?

But there are a few issues being worked out.

Chief among them is sports.

Yeah.

Right?

Sports event contracts.

There's a lot of litigation over them.

The states, right, which have regulated gambling, you know, for a long time, are filing

lawsuits, right?

They stand to lose.

They stand to lose revenue.

And those cases are working their way through courts.

And, you know how, you know, courts are reaching different decisions.

We have district courts, appellate courts, and the Supreme Court.

The district courts have come out both ways.

pro prediction markets saying federal preemption applies, meaning this is the CFTC's jurisdiction

and not the states. And then we've had one appellate court weigh in saying also CFTC's jurisdiction,

but more courts are going to weigh in. I bet that goes to the Supreme Court. And so we'll see,

you know, the future of sports contract. Meanwhile, you got the CFTC, which is regulating in the

space. They put out some rules. You know, there have been issues with contracts. Like you mentioned, you know,

mention markets and insider trading.

There have been some cases involving people using information that they shouldn't have to go trade and prediction markets.

So that's very much a focal point of the government, right?

Yeah.

So there's a question on should they exist specifically for sports.

There's also the like all the different ramifications of prediction markets being popular overall.

I think with the Venezuela military operation, you know, that felt like, you know, a really significant moment because you had a armed, you know, one of our service members that had a financial incentive to put his entire crew at risk by sending a signal to the world that, hey, this operation is going to happen, right?

and that was just like probably one of the darkest moments that I can remember,

but then there's almost infinite markets on every possible topic.

So as somebody who's been working in enforcement and working on a bunch of things like insider trading,

which I think provides a lot of precedent for this, can this, can all these, like we're creating a bunch of new problems where all these type of real,

world events can be potentially influenced by individuals that have a direct financial incentive

where maybe before there wasn't one at all. What's the sort of broader solution or framework

that you think would be effective at maybe curtailing some of these issues? Yeah. So you mentioned

that Maduro case, right? And I think I think what gets lost in that is, wow, the, the,

market is different, right? That conduct has always been illegal, 100% illegal, right? It's like

knowing the answers to the test before you take it. And that's just allegations now. So, you know,

he'll have his day in court as he deserves. But I think, you know, when you think about insider trading,

a lot of it boils down to common sense. Like, you can't use information that's not yours. You can't,

you know, take out an event contract ahead of time when you know you're going to be the guest and

there's an event contract on that. Right. I think the challenge is that.

that there's event contracts on everything, right?

So we're talking about, you know, if you're thinking about equity markets and commodities markets,

there's a very well-established playbook for how you handle that, right?

I'm thinking, like, you know, big financial institutions.

They train employees.

There's policies and procedures, you know, addressing kind of everything under the sun.

The prediction markets have got to catch up in terms of everyone in an industry impacted by prediction markets

needs to be made aware that you can't do that because the consequences are just enormous,

right? I mean, you wind up prosecuted by the DOJ, then the CFTC as well. And so there really is an

education aspect of it that I think we all need to grapple with. In terms of the promises,

right, I mean, you see the information and why people absolutely love it. And it's great, you know,

for a new source. It's great to have. I mean, look at how it put how it did on elections, you know,

A 2024 election was a watershed moment.

A lot of people think in prediction markets because the polls and the experts had it very close.

Prediction markets showed that the sitting president had a pretty comfortable lead in all the swing states.

And it's an interesting question on how these prediction markets interact with normal or traditional exchanges, right?

And we've seen an integration of both because it's very helpful to have that information alongside other financial decisions.

making, right? Like, will the Fed raise the interest rate in September, right? That's a,

that's a metric that I think has a lot of implications for other instruments. And you can,

you can track that. You could ask people. You could ask experts. You could talk to someone in D.C.

and find out, you know, or you could go on one of the prediction markets and see what,

you know, what the most likely scenario is. There's a new lawsuit. Flight tracking platform

flight aware is suing Kalshi alleging the prediction market companies using the data without permission

to let users bet on flight cancellations.

When this news hit, people immediately jump to, well, what if someone calls in a bomb

threat and then the flights delayed or canceled just because they want to win in the

prediction market?

But I was expecting the airlines to be pushing back on this or the FAA or the TSA or

someone else that would be more directly in the affected line.

It doesn't seem to affect flight aware's business.

They seem more worried about brand damage from having

the registered trademark linked over there.

But do you understand more about the different participants who are pushing back against

being dragged into the prediction market world?

Well, I haven't heard much about that lawsuit.

I think it was just today that it came out.

I think that one area to watch is what the CFTC does.

Sure.

They put out a proposed rule.

Yeah.

And what they're trying to prohibit is contracts that could be potentially manipulated.

Right. And you don't want to create any perverse incentives.

And that's what the CFTC is grappling with and how to how to separate contracts that we all are really enjoying and finding informational and economically useful to hedge in some situations.

But also just make sure you're not creating a situation where someone tries to manipulate the contract for their own good.

Right.

We just saw a recent case involving George Santos.

Different different context, right?

Right. But the manipulation piece, now this is, again, you don't, there was no admission of liability.

It's all alleged. Yeah, it's alleged. But like, you know, the allegation was the contract was whether he was going to attend the state of the union.

Yeah. And he obviously knows that. And according to the allegations, you know, went on social media and made certain statements to change the odds of the contract so that he could, that he could profit. And again, new market, but that kind of conduct.

has always been illegal.

What kind of lore did you pick up from CFTC history, like when you took the job?

Are, like, stories, I don't know what you can or can't talk about, but I imagine, like,

some of the historical enforcement would, like, there has to be some, like, crazy, crazy stories of,

specifically in, like, agriculture.

Going up against Big Onion.

You were talking about Big Onion?

Yeah, yeah, that, but, like, yeah.

Yeah, I imagine if you would have the, you probably wore a suit most days.

But maybe if it was like, you know, 30 years prior, you would have had some jeans and a sidearm and some boots.

I'd have to learn some new skills on the city guy.

But, yeah, you know, look, it's an amazing organization.

It's only been around for about 74.

Wow.

Yeah.

Yeah.

So, yeah.

I mean, I think a great piece of trivia for the CFTC, the company.

definition of a commodity is essentially almost everything that you have a futures or derivatives

on. There's two exceptions. Box office movie tickets and onions. And no one knows the exact reason why

they're not, but they are not regulated by the CFTC. And I don't think we could ever see an event

contract on them. So there's that. But, you know, just on, in terms of prediction markets, what's

really interesting is they've always, they've been around for a really long time. It's just now they're really

with sports and with political contests,

they've really captivated the attention of folks.

And I think you're seeing a ride-along effect

in terms of other contracts

that are now getting really popular with the public.

And so there were on very limited basis,

some election contests that were experimental.

But now you see them everywhere.

And even the 2025 mayoral race in New York,

they were very accurate.

So on sports betting,

When we talk to Sagar and Jetty from Breaking Points, who's very concerned about the proliferation of sports betting, having a casino in your pocket, as he puts it, his main contention is that it's the availability.

It's the ease.

It's the lack of the infrastructure that was formerly around sports betting.

You had to tell your family that you're going to Las Vegas, walk into a casino, it's smoky, it's expensive, put down a bed.

Did you always give that notification?

There were a lot of barriers, and also you could do self-exclusion.

There were gambling hotlines.

There were a whole bunch of warnings about the economics of what you were participating in.

The House always wins.

And what I'm interested in is, does the CFTC even have the authority to layer that's a similar structure of, hey, if you're going to be advertising instead of betting on the Super Bowl,

you're going to be trading the Super Bowl.

You also have to have the same gambling hotline phone number

because from our view it's a similar thing.

We're going to let it happen,

but it needs to have the same infrastructure

that it's had just a few years ago.

Or is this something that the CFTC doesn't even have the tools

and the tool chest to make happen if they wanted to?

No, they have the tools.

I mean, they've regulated these markets,

just not in these subjects.

So they, basically, the CFTC's view, and some courts have adopted this, is that these are

financial instruments.

They're called swaps.

Yep.

An agreement between two parties on the occurrence of an event that has some economic

financial consequences is how they view it.

And so the CFTC has authority, if there's fraud, if there's manipulation.

Now, I do think, and they've made some, you know, some talks about this, that we'll see more

rules from the CFTC.

It has not, you know, traditionally been in.

involved in these spaces. And I think like, you know, with anything with government, there is a

time, it takes time to catch up with industry. That's just, that's just a fact. And so I think,

I think the CFTC will tackle those issues pretty soon. Yeah, it'll be very, very interesting to

follow. We'll have to have you back on when there's more news. Thank you so much for taking the

time to come chat with us. Yeah, thanks for breaking it down. Have a great rest of your day.

their business is securing it. CrowdStorek, secures AI and stops breaches. Our next guest is

going direct, going independent. We have Connor Sen from The Housing Frame. He is the founder of a fantastic

new stuff that I just subscribed to yesterday, Connor. Welcome to this show. Thank you so much for

taking the time to come chat with us. How are you doing? Yeah, thanks for having me. Congratulations on

the launch. I'd love to hear a little bit about your background.

your, the beats and the way you like to cover different topics, what you like digging into,

and then we can go into some of your current outlook on the market, housing, all the hot topics

that you're planning on covering this year and beyond.

So I'd say my professional background related to housing is twofold.

One is I worked for a big hedge fund in San Francisco during the crisis, so I've been out there

and got to work on credit derivatives and mortgage derivatives and all that, saw all that happen.

Sure.

Then moved to Atlanta after the bus and just needed to start over and eventually got hooked on Twitter,

started right from Bloomberg in 2016, did that for 10 years, wrote about the economy, housing,

demographics, cities, things like that.

And just felt like the housing market, to me, feels like it's bottoming.

And I saw the opportunity with Substack and being a chance to be the voice to come on shows like this

and talk about it for the next 10, 15, 20 years.

And it just felt like a great time to start doing that.

John is so happy about this because John,

John, you would, you would, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we don't have like a housing guy.

Oh, that's true. John, John.

Well, we got Sager and Jenny complaining about it.

Well, we got Sager complaining about it.

Um, but, uh, we don't have it.

We don't have somebody who's been like, you know, we have like, we like hanging out with Joe

Weizenthal.

Yeah.

People like that.

We have like our guy in a bunch of different categories.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

So.

Matt Thompson for Mag 7.

Hopefully this is, hopefully this is a start of, of many, many, many, many appearances.

That was part of the thinking, too, because.

Bill McBride, a calculated risk, the blogger that everyone knows so well, he's retired next spring.

And so I did look out five, ten years and thought, who are the voices for our generation who can do this?

And I felt like I could be one.

So how do you think about your, you're reporting the shape of like, when do you want to go and talk to a bunch of sources on the ground, look at a bunch of economic data, crunch something into something more of a narrative?

There's so many different outlets, even when you're at Bloomberg opinion versus factual reporting, getting a scoop.

There's so many different pieces.

What have you explored?

What have you shied away from?

What have you leaned into?

I think starting out,

it's probably going to be fairly similar

to what I was doing at Bloomberg,

probably reaching out here and there

to sort of broaden my base.

But over time,

I think it'll be a function of

what do I think's interesting?

And then who are the sources

that I can talk to,

who are good and help me do what I do better.

So I'm pretty good at data and media and all that.

But, yeah, I don't have a lot of friends

who are real estate agents

or mortgage originators or things like that.

So I'm excited about that.

Yeah.

Okay.

So first question.

You said you feel like the housing market is bottoming.

But like a lot of people, if you ask average Americans, that certainly, they wouldn't feel that way.

You say it's bottoming.

And yet, houses are expensive.

Prices still feel quite high.

But what you're saying is maybe transaction volume has been subdued over the last couple of years due to rates and other factor.

But yeah, we'll break that down, like talk about like the why now and then we'll get into

what things are going.

I think the bottoming call is twofold.

One is that the hardest hit states over the past few years, places like Florida and Texas,

now see inventory dropping and new orders for home builders are rising.

That's kind of your classic bottoming late cycle recovery.

And then San Francisco is clearly a market that very similar to 2010-211 is leading the country

in terms of what this expansion looks like.

And I'm really excited and interested to see where that broadening out goes over the next six or 12 months.

How important is actual development in home building?

We've talked to startups, very early stage, thinking about 3D printing or manufactured housing.

And there's some technology there, but I always discount those projects as maybe that'll have an impact in 10 years, 20 years.

I'm really excited and optimistic about it, but realistically, I don't think it's going to be moving home prices.

in the next few years.

But how important is the shape and structure

of the actual home building market

to house prices in America?

It matters a lot down here.

I'm in Atlanta.

It matters a lot in Texas and Florida

and Arizona and places like that.

Historically has not mattered a lot in San Francisco.

I remember talking to somebody at Bloomberg Beta

about eight or 10 years ago who said that

the best way for ordinary people to bet on VC

is San Francisco real estate.

And I think we're seeing that this year.

So I'm hopeful that they can build more home

out there, but it's been a long, tough slog.

I mean, I left in part because of housing, and here we are 16 years later.

What about government regulation?

Obviously, it feels like the story of housing in America is very much the mortgage interest tax

deductions, all the incentives to get the American dream is directly tied to home ownership,

and so the government has done a lot for that.

But then there's also permitting reform, the abundance Democrats, the abundance wing are pushing

for more building.

And I'm just wondering if you think that there's anything that could happen on the policy side

that would actually move house prices in the short, medium, or long term.

So I did speak with a policy expert on housing about, I said, what are your thoughts on road to housing and what matters for this?

And there are some short-term things like manufactured housing should get easier to build.

But he said the really important thing is we've identified a bipartisan coalition that will vote for housing bills.

So this was our first crack at the apple.

but we now know where the boats are.

So going forward, we can take another crack at it in two years

and just keep chipping away, try to try stuff,

see what Matt moves the needle,

and just hope that slowly but surely over time we could build more housing.

Do you have any idea of like what the shape of that legislation

might actually look like?

Because it's just saying, like, we need to build more.

You'll get a lot of thumbs up, but what are we actually changing?

Are we making the time to permitting more?

hiring more people to review permits? Are we changing the requirements for fireproofing or something?

Like, it's very, it gets nitty gritty really fast.

So one thing that might be that resonate with your audience is that right now the financing

piece is really hard. And what happened was similar to B.C. and private equity, a lot of people

invested money in 20, 21, 2022. Industry rates were low. In real estate, we'd say cap rates were low,

or valuations were high. And they got blown out pretty bad over the next few years. And the equity got

wiped out. Maybe people are still sitting on loans. So as we see the apartment market starting

to turn, time to build apartments again, there's no equity to go around. And you can't get a deal done

unless there are equity investors ready to go because they all got wiped out last time. They're gun shy.

And then nowadays, maybe you'd rather fund a data center than an apartment building.

So I think finding ways to finance new developments and maybe the public sector can have some

role here, whether it's subsidizing or tax incentives, things like that. That's something that we

should look into. Interesting. Interesting. What role do you think other buyers in the market that aren't

specifically someone going to either buy a house that they'll live in or or buy maybe an apartment

building to rent out or having an effect on the housing market overall? You hear a lot of

sort of hand-wringing around like private equity buying a bunch of homes. Is that actually distorting

the market? I was running the numbers and it felt like a couple percent.

points of homes are owned by private equity. It didn't seem like it was the biggest factor,

but how have you grappled with that story? It was really a much bigger story 15 years ago,

and certainly here in Atlanta, the private equity investors bought up a lot of distressed homes.

And I know that looking back, it doesn't look so good. But at the time, that was when there

really weren't a lot of qualified buyers. People had bad credit scores. Unemployment was really high.

Banks were failing. And so investors came in and stabilized the market. And I know it's not

popular now, but at the time it made sense.

Yeah. And so I would say today it's that we have a really case-shaped housing market where

if you have a lot of stock wealth, it doesn't really matter where mortgage rates are, you can still

buy a home. And in fact, I was looking at dated in Nashville. Year to date, home sales in Nashville

for homes over $2 million are up 32 percent for homes under a half million dollars, basically flat.

So the corner of you need a mortgage, you have just a job. That market's still pretty stagnant,

but the high end is really booming.

And so are the, is the bottom of that K switching into renting in that case?

They are.

And renting is still basically a better deal in most places.

But I do think an issue is that in the apartment market, we're starting to see vacancy rates

come down.

And typically when vacancies come down, rents go up next.

And so you might be in a situation where, yes, it's cheaper to rent than buy.

But if you think that your rent's now going to go up a lot over the next two or three years,

you might factor that in and say, I'm willing to overpay for a house because my rent

going to go up 20% in two years.

So I think that's more of a 2020-2020 story,

but that's something I'm thinking about for next year.

How much are you going to be tracking demographic,

like basically demographic trends

and how that impacts housing,

the boomers have a lot of,

quite a lot of homes.

And they'll be turning them over eventually.

But is that a story?

Is that like a 20-30s story?

I think so. For me right now, the demographic story is that we see both in New York and San Francisco

that rents are really high, but rents have come down a lot in the states that built over the past

two years. So as the San Francisco Austin gap gets really wide, maybe an anthropic employee won't

move to Austin, but maybe somebody who couldn't buy the house they wanted to buy because they got

outbid by an AI person, maybe they start to look to leave. And so maybe then you can get the

migration flywheel cranking again in the south. Interesting. How big of a deal are four

buyers in the American housing market. There's a lot of, again, you see these pieces similar to the

private equity buying houses of, oh, there's someone that made a ton of money internationally,

and they just want a safe place to park their capital. And so why not buy an empty luxury

apartment in Los Angeles or Miami or New York? Is that just a small fraction of what's going on

the real estate market, or is it actually enough to move the overall picture? That was actually a

sneaky source of weakness in the North Dallas suburbs last year because H-1B visas were apparently

a fairly meaningful part of the sort of ex-urban Dallas new home market and then financing got,

I don't know the details of that very well, but just with the policy changes with the administration.

And so that seems to kind of come in waves where you get these moments where China's buying up a lot

of housing and then they go away for a while and then they come back. I don't think it's a big factor

right now, but it's certainly something to watch going forward. Yeah. Last question for me,

I'm interested in how you're thinking about your audience for the housing frame.

Do you think that there's a goal to reach hedge funds and traders who will be reading your analysis

and actually building an investment thesis on top of it?

Or like where is the, and then does that lead into like a consulting business?

I'm just sort of interested in where the overall company goes as you expand.

Yeah, it's interesting because coming from Bloomberg, we didn't get a lot of

demographics or data about our audience and our writing.

And so I think to start,

just going to be looking at the substack metrics and seeing who's coming in,

what's getting their interest,

kind of thinking about that,

reaching out to people one-on-one,

because especially early on I can do that.

And then it's sort of,

again,

these are not one-to-one comps,

but I look at what Bill McBride builds

with calculated risk over 20 years and thinking,

I could try to have some of that audience over time

or try to earn their trust.

And then this is like, you know, pie in the sky,

but what Dylan Patel did with,

semi-analysis and he was just a guy who got started and then his sector got hot.

And so I do think housing eventually will get hot again.

And hopefully I can be a place that people come to when that happens.

Yeah, yeah.

I can totally see the semi-analysis type, the tokenomics model,

understanding how data centers are building out.

I haven't seen that data contextualized for the housing market.

And I can imagine so many consumers and obviously business people being fascinated by it.

Jordy, anything else?

Not for now, but congratulations.

On the launch.

Go subscribe.

Where can be signed up?

Yes, there's news.

Give us the URL so everyone can go subscribe.

It's Connor send.substack.com or just the housing frame.

I'm sure you can find it.

So thanks a lot, guys.

Thank you so much.

Great to me, Connor.

We'll talk to you soon.

Thanks for coming on.

Have a good one.

Goodbye.

Investing for those who take it seriously.

We've got stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service.

Any other stories you want to cover.

Bending Spoons, apparently on a tear, 265x price to earnings ratio, buying old,

boring SaaS with slow growth.

People are excited about that, I guess.

Benning Spoons added $11 billion in market cap after announcing the Airtable acquisition.

Can't make it up.

Is that true?

Bending Spoons?

Bending Spoons market cap?

Market cap.

Wow, $33, $34 billion company, way up since I,

IPO. Wow, really, really impressive, up 50% since the IPOed. They're on a tear. Who will be the next Ben Spoon? That is the question everyone's asking. Do not get...

Don't get your spoon bent. Don't get your spoon bent. Do we need to... Unless that's the best possible outcome.

Maybe.

We'll leave this show with a post from June Chu, who was the COO at Zillow until very recently. He posted

it on LinkedIn. I have stepped down for my role as COO of Zillow. That's all I have to say about that.

Mike drop moment. There we go. And yeah, I'm curious. I'm sure we'll find out in due time

what he really wants to say about that. Yeah, it feels like teeing up a tell-all.

Feels like he maybe can't say anything. For sure. Anyway, there's a bunch of other good stories.

Last but not least,

Leonardo DiCaprio urged Chilean authorities to protect a critically endangered frog from a proposed power transmission project.

This feels like something that's solvable.

Like I think that I think we can protect the frogs and do the power transmission project.

Yeah.

Do you agree, John?

I know nothing about this situation, but I have a little faith.

Spiny chest frog.

There's a thousand of them that remain in the wild.

I think Leo should let them move in.

Bring them to America, put them in a zoo or something.

I think they want to live there.

I think you've got to do a lot of work.

I don't know, maybe beam the power somehow, do something else.

Yeah, interesting.

It's got to be rough being in the Chilean government and just being like,

who's taking shots at us?

He just comes over the top.

He sent 60 million Instagram.

followers our way.

Sick to them on us.

It's got to be brutal.

Well, good luck.

Hopefully, the frog can be protected while the power transmission project goes on.

Frogs on hamster wheels powering, generating power.

Maybe that's the future.

Who knows?

Well, thank you so much for tuning in to TBPN.

Leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Sign up for our newsletter.

It's August 11.

It's August 11.

It's summer.

Yeah, it's summer.

Go touch some grass.

us. Have a good day and we'll see you tomorrow.

Let me live in the Pacific.

Goodbye.