=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: All-In ===
Titel: All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg - Anthropic IPO at Risk, Meta's Muse Pop, Token Prices Fall, Open Source Gains Share, Alignment Fails
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/all-in-with-chamath-jason-sacks-friedberg/anthropic-ipo-at-risk-metas-muse-pop-token-prices-fall-open-source-gains-share-alignment-fails
Datum: 2026-09-28
Länge: ~95k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

All right, everybody, welcome back to episode 290 of the number one podcast in the world.

It's the All-In Podcasts.

With me again, it's the core for David Friedberg is here.

Chamath Pala Hopatia and David Sacks calling in.

I am your host, Jason Kelloggannis, and we have a full docket today.

I'd be remiss, though, if I didn't ask everybody for their fondest memories of the fifth annual,

All-In Summit produced by...

Mr. David Friedberg.

David, do you have any thoughts?

How do you rate your performance as executive producer of the All-In Summit?

You know what we didn't do?

What we forgot to do?

At the end of day two, we didn't give a big shout out to our production team to Kimber, to Lisa, to Nick.

I think we...

Okay, I thought we should have brought him out, but I just want to give a big shout-out.

Bring him out for the standing up.

The team backstage absolutely crushed it, as always, this year.

And then I had a great time, actually.

You know my favorite part is going to Universal Studios?

You just get to have a good time.

It's great.

I'm reliving my childhood, Shabh, with no trauma.

By the way, shout out to our friends at the Longhi.

I got one of those coffee machines that we had at the event.

I put it in my kitchen.

You know what I got?

I don't know if you guys saw it, but there was a water machine in the VIP area.

Why as well?

That is a zero plastic water machine.

It goes through super filtration, no microplastics in the water.

I have one now in our office.

thank you very much to them. I appreciate it. Amazing company. Sacks, do you have a favorite moment

from the show? Well, I think the highlight of the show, the thing that we'll remember for a long time

was the president calling in during Jensen's talk. And I think Jensen's overall, the content and

Demeter really helped calm down this national panic over AI. It felt like we were the center

of this national conversation. And I think it happened very organically. You remember there was

basically been the sciop for the last few weeks leading into the summit to convince everyone that

humanity was going to go extinct unless we did exactly what the Democrats want and stop all AI development.

And then, you know, we had first Sotcha came out and kind of calmed everyone down and then Jensen

did the same thing. And the president called in and did what he did best, which is C's total control

of the narrative that I'm sure these Dumer groups have been carefully planning for weeks and kind of

thwarted that whole operation.

nerds enough get back to work you have a super intelligent Trump intelligence is now the term we're

going to call it Trump intelligence going forward but I think you make a good point a lot of people

wanted to know Freeberg if this was planned was the president Trump call in planned freebert take

us behind the scenes basically Jensen was connecting with him right backstage and said hey

call me back and then he called him while he was on stage there was some texting going on you know

was completely spontaneous. It was spontaneous, yes. It was not like a planned thing where Jensen was

like, hey, let's do a whole thing. And so that was pretty amazing to have this conversation that Jensen

was waiting from president to happen live. And clearly this was the topic de jure and DC as well as

in the news and the media. And it was amazing to see it all happen on stage of us. And yeah,

just to be clear, I thought it was a bit. And I was like, well, put him on speakerphone. And Jensen

says to me, how do you do that? And I just handed him,

I always give an extra mic there in case somebody's mic goes out,

put him on speakerphone, put the microphone,

and President Trump, the funniest president in history,

funny's politician history, did you notice,

Sacks, that he drops a one-liner through a speakerphone perfectly, perfectly.

Jensen makes the greatest chips.

Everybody tries to reverse engineer them.

Impossible, but it can't figure out how to press the speakerphone button, okay?

I was just like, how does he do it?

How does he fucking do it?

It just drops the perfect line.

But Shamath, in all seriousness, the nerds were losing their mind last week.

And the adults came, Daddy came, Elon came, Jensen came, all the adults in the room came.

And they just said, listen, if you have software, that's defective and not ready to put in the world.

Maybe don't put it in the world and make it a little bit, you know, as you like to say, less brittle.

So your thoughts on where we are in this national discussion, which went from slowdown to maybe

just release non-breddle resilient software?

Well, I think that there was this classification that happened last week between up-and-coming

organizations that want to call themselves labs, but are in fact companies that have

P&Ls and shareholders and have to abide by the same rules that everybody else does. And then the

sophisticated companies that have lived in scrutiny for many decades and have learned the hard way

the process of making things robust and the cost of making things not robust. So what do I mean?

On the one side you saw, in many ways, it's like curious times creates curious bedfellows, right?

you have the cohort is Satya, Jensen, Sachs, Zuck, Elon, the president, Lena Khan.

We have product liability language.

Strange menfellows, indeed.

We have this product liability perspective in the United States.

It's meant to prevent companies from doing things that they're not supposed to do,

especially if they know that those things could be harmful.

And on the other side, it's folks making the thing that were being,

I think a little naive and basically saying we're not a company, we're a lab, protect us.

And I think the mature response is you should have internal controls and you should robustly test

things. And what Zuck said earlier and what Elon has said in the past is we're just under a lot

of scrutiny. And so when things aren't perfect, we just slow things down. Elon has done that with

FSD. You said this, Jason. He could have been at FSD three or four years ago. But he has publicly

stated, we can't afford it because every accident that Tesla incurs is magnified

a thousand X than what any other company would incur, and so we just have to go slower.

Zuck last week said we were about to roll out muse, which looks like one of the most successful

product launches in recent memory, has huge implications, actually, which we should talk about.

And he had to slow roll it.

He and Alexander, who I was talking to last night, had to slow roll it for a couple of months

to get it perfect.

So it's all within your control.

It's just what do you choose to do? And I think that was the most interesting observation. We have to

stop calling these companies labs, they're companies, and we have to be judged on the same standards,

including product liability. Yeah, and there was a lot of coverage of this moment, Sachs.

Interestingly, some of the fake news media were like on a popular podcast and then they play the clip,

but they're just afraid to say the name of the podcast. Pretty hilarious. I think Tremoth is getting us

into the first topic here already, which is whether we're going to have individual responsibility

as our North Star or some sort of collective action. And the thing that always works the best

is individual responsibility, whether it's at the level of individuals or companies. The relevant

decision to make in every case is should we ship this product? Not can we get the whole world to agree?

and the problem with talking about these collectivized approaches is that they defray accountability

away from the actual decision maker.

And I think people sort of feel this.

You know, like this week you had Dario and Sam go to the United Nations and say we need

some sort of global AI governance.

And it kind of reminds me of like the billionaires who fly to Davos and their private jets

and then rail against climate change.

You know, there's something fundamentally.

sort of unrealistic and kind of out of touch about it. Hypocritical.

Hypocritical. And it's like, guys, look, what we need is for you guys to make smart decisions

about what to release. If a product is unsafe, which is to say it's unreliable or behaves

unpredictably, then don't release it. And stop looking to some sort of global governance as the

answer. Because if you guys don't get this decision right, it's not going to matter what the United Nations

does. And by the time the United Nations agrees on anything, we're going to be much further along

in this whole journey. So there's something just very weird about the way that the principal

actors in this keep talking because it really feels like they're trying to push off the

responsibility. Well, there's a theory going around here, and I think it is worth us discussing

here, that the frontier labs are covertlies. Their companies. Their companies. Yes. Let me just

finish the.

No, no, no, but Chamath made a really good point that I want to make sure we just don't miss.

Okay.

They're corporations.

Yes.

And when you call them labs, they sound like nonprofit entities, and that's not true.

Okay.

So the corporations making these products are looking for President Trump to specifically give them what the internet companies had with Section 230, which is shield them from liability.

And that there is a consideration inside the Trump administration, the 47th administration, that

maybe there could be some leverage put on these companies that they would give 10% of their equity

to the sovereign wealth front of the United States, et cetera, and then that would result in them

being given some pass when it comes to their liability. That's an insane thing to do. It's like

giving some plane company that gives 10% of their equity to the U.S. government, the ability to

not be responsible for their planes falling out of the sky. But what is it?

is your thought on that conspiracy theory? I'm sure you've heard it, Sacks, that they're looking for a

shield. You're making it sound like this is the idea of the Trump administration. That's not true.

No, not the Trump administration. This is what the frontier lab slash corporations are

pitching to them and that there might be, the rumor is there might be some people who are open to

that in the administration. Again, this is all a back channel. Here's what we know. Is that in the past

week, you had virtually every Trump administration official come out and say some version of what

I just said, which is first and foremost, the AI companies have to take responsibility for

their own products and that we will not waive product liability. I think Speaker Johnson said it,

the congressional, best and said it, the most recent interview, everybody said if your game

is to get a waiver of product liability or antitrust liability, if you're trying to form a cartel,

if you're trying to collude, forget about it, we're not going to do it.

So I think they completely threw cold water on that whole idea.

And remember what President Trump said is he just tweeted today.

We have the DOJ.

That's a guardrail.

The administration is a guardrail.

The administrative state civil lawsuits, criminal lawsuits, all these things are there as potential

liability to make sure that you make the right risk-reward trade-off.

And again, at the end of the day, if those guys release an unsafe product, it's not

going to matter what the United Nations agrees on. So we need them to internalize the responsibility.

Listen, come on. Be candid with me. You got the inside goods here. Are they trying to lobby for that?

Are they, do you think they're lobbying to get this protection? Yes. Come on.

Well, I have heard. This is not like first person experience. They have not asked me like, hey, we want product liability waiver. But I have heard from people in Washington that they have been seeking something like that.

It's hard to pin down. Right. Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. Freeberg, your thoughts here as well.

We are going to get into the first story here with the token maxing and the price is going down.

But I'll give you the final word here on what America should do in terms of dealing with

the corporations that are pretending to be labs who cannot take ownership of their own Frankenstein creations,

which I think J.D. Vance, you know, I thought had a spectacular appearance. He was crisp and looked

quite presidential if I was going to describe it.

You threw a lot of fastballs.

And he knocked him out of the park, by the way, fastball.

You know, home run hitters want fastball.

You can't hit a fastball if it's out of the strike zone.

So I gave him the three hardest questions I could think of,

and he proceeded to knock all three over the fence.

I think there was...

Jady's excellent.

I mean, no, on the Sunday shows, they played the clips of the questions I asked him.

Bang, bang, bang, freeberg, right over the fence.

But, you know, he said, basically, if you're creating Frankenstein, here's an idea.

Stop.

And then he added, if you've ready...

kind of let the cat out of the bag

then create anti- Frankenstein basically,

create the safeguards.

It makes total sense.

I think Zuck gave a good interview on this.

They took their time doing this

muse release this week.

They said they wanted to get it right.

They wanted to make sure that it was safe,

that it didn't give people capabilities

to do bad things.

That's the responsibility that they took as a corporation.

Anyone that's outputting a model

should take the same responsibility.

pretty obvious.

And this is an organization that understands it, having paid a series of fines from

Cambridge Analytica to recently.

We have a lot of laws that make it illegal to do a lot of things.

All right, let's move on here.

We have laws.

Okay.

By the way, can I add like one philosophical point to this?

So I think that implicit in, let's call it the Dario position, that let's call it the regulated

free market that we have. His fundamental contention is that that will lead to a race to the bottom.

That competition jeopardizes safety. It's in all of his blog posts. And many other people reflect this

idea that competition equals lack of safety. And that is implicitly a critique of our economic

system. It's basically a left-wing critique of our system. And it goes back a long way. I remember

back in the days of the Cold War, when we really had this duel between two different systems.

Do you want the sort of the free market system or do you want the communist system?

A lot of people made the claim that the capitalist system would do things like jeopardized safety

and beauty, that our buildings would always be uglier because the greedy capitalist wouldn't

want to spend a dime on beautification or good architecture, things like that.

In fact, it turned out that the Soviet system was the one that produced.

the cold gray landscapes. Why? Because people want beauty. They want safety. And therefore, if you have a

well-functioning market economy, then it gives people what they want. And obviously, the American

system won out in that battle. So I just fundamentally disagree with the idea that competition

means lack of safety. As Zuckerberg and Jensen were saying, there are huge incentives on both the

upside and downside to be safe. On the upside, no customer wants a product that is unpredictable

and unreliable. That doesn't do what they say. No enterprise wants an agent that's going to leak

their data or hack a competitor. And on the downside, as the president made clear,

they've got tons of liability, product liability, civil liability, administrative liability,

criminal liability. So I just firmly disagree with this idea that competition is a bad thing.

Competition is a good thing that can be harnessed to get the right result.

And just to build on that, Shemoth, our friend Nakash from Palo Alto Network's friend of the pod, he released in the past week or so, Unit 42, he's building. There's a business opportunity here to build a product to do continuous cyber defense and also a friend of the prod, George Kirch, from CrowdStrike. He also released Falcon, his new product, to do cyber defense. Shemoth, if these guys in the frontier lab, slash,

operations were so concerned about cybersecurity, why didn't they ever release a cybersecurity product

in Palo Alto networks and CrowdStrike are on it?

They will.

That's probably more in the second topic that we'll talk about, which is as the models

essentially cluster in terms of capability, there's no differentiation.

And so they'll be forced to move up the stack.

But let's wait on that for one second.

You have a point here you want to make and then we'll go to the first.

I do.

The point I wanted to make is more.

philosophical and sociological, which is the last time we heard the word lab in the social

consciousness was during COVID. And there was a lab that was responsible for a leak of a virus

that then killed 15 million people all around the world and caused 45 trillion dollars of damage.

It's the Wuhan lab. And I think it's important to recognize that there has been zero

transparency or culpability around this.

And I think part of why people are comfortable calling themselves a lab is because of that fact.

That a lot of these young people that work at these places live through this and saw absolutely

no responsibility taken by the lab that caused this leak.

And now we're talking about leaks of different kinds and we have organizations and corporations

that try to fashion themselves as labs as well, but they're not labs.

These are corporations.

I just want to remind everybody,

these are for-profit corporations

that have absorbed hundreds of billions of dollars

of debt inequity,

that have thousands and thousands of shareholders,

that have billions of dollars of market cap.

And if I were them,

I would not want to call myself a lab at any cost.

And I think if you saw the recent speeches

that they gave at the United Nations,

they're still using that terminology.

They are not loud.

These are for-profit corporations that are subject to product liability risk, and they should act accordingly.

Yeah, and we've had a conversation here for a year about this.

Like, if this stuff is so dangerous, you don't have to release it or, you know, my proposal, like, know your customer, give logs.

Do not compare yourself to the Wuhan lab.

Well, Chamath, it's bad PR, but also I do think it's part of their like virtue signaling routine where they just don't want to say that we're companies, we have a for-profit incentive.

of they always want to say that we're either a research institution or they say things like

where a public benefit corporation, which no one really knows what the hell of that means.

So it's this patina virtue signaling that obscures what's really going on.

It tries to obscure the word corporation, but legally you're not allowed to hide it.

I think they should have when they see.

We are all running corporations, all in, albeit very small but mighty, is it a corporation.

I think we should call it a lab.

This is the all in lab.

This is the Allent Lab where we discuss different formulas.

No, we're experimenting with ideas.

This is a meme workshop.

But you know what?

These ideas are getting so dangerous that we don't want any liability for our opinion.

Welcome to the All In Lab podcast.

Here as we do topic zero, Freeberg.

Is there a mindset in scientists' minds that needs to kind of have a hard stop

and then the corporation kind of takes over?

Maybe they could put the labs on the side here.

here and then say, hey, these are the adults doing the corporation stuff? What are your thoughts here

if you were going to architect how anthropic operates in the world? And maybe you could speak to

scientists, muse of the world versus capitalists and management teams. I don't have a good answer

for you on that. Okay. Well, you're doing it. You're the answer. Look at Ohio. Let me kick off the

first topic. What I wanted to do was just take a step back and look at the insane flurry of model

release that's happening. Yes. I think the pace of model release has happened.

on both the open source side and the premium side,

the Anthropics, GROX, Open AIs of the world is unfathomable right now.

The list is insane in just like the last 10 days.

September 9th, DeepSeek 4.1 flash gets released.

$120 for a million tokens output if they're hosting it.

Key value cash from V1 of Deepseek.

Remember what a big deal Deepseek was when it came out?

The key value cash then was like 390,000 bytes.

now it's 890.

Insane drop, insane efficiency improvements.

On September 20th,

Quinn, which is the Alibaba model, comes out,

version 2.1,

it's an open weights model

that outperforms nanobanana 2,

which is Google's big breakthrough

insane image generation model.

This thing is free.

Open source, you can put it on your desktop computer

and run it at home

to generate images for free.

and it's made by Alibaba.

Shao made by Mime put out Mimo on September 22nd two days ago.

Mimo Pro performs on par with Claude's Opus 5,

which is like this insane model

that everyone thought was going to change the world

and break the internet.

And GPT-56 Seoul across most benchmarks,

it's a 309 billion parameter model.

It is entirely open weight.

You can download this model and put it on your server

and run your own instance

without paying anyone any money

except for the cost of running the server.

This model called Bonsi 2 came out on September 17th by PrismML.

This is actually a fork of Quen,

which is another one of the Alibaba models.

It's a 27 billion parameter model.

98% of the performance of the big Quen model.

It's 5.9 gigs in size,

and you can run it on a local computer.

You can have an Nvidia chip

or have a good Mac Studio computer,

and you can run this insane model

on your desktop computer for free.

And then the big crazy models,

the big close source models,

Anthropic releases Opus 55 on September 22nd.

OpenAI Astro comes out with Sol and Luna on September 23rd.

Grock 4-7 comes out on September 21.

Meta Muse comes out on September 22nd.

Any one of these stories would have broken the Internet a year ago,

and they all happened in the last 10 days.

You now have an entire catalog of Openweight,

models to generate visual information, to do VLA where you can actually instruct it and it can

control a robot. You have models far beyond the most advanced LLM from a year ago that are open

weight that you can install and run on your desktop computer. We are past the point of Bernie Sanders

put the superintelligence away. It can never be allowed in the real world. This stuff is out.

The open source, open weight models are free. They are on the internet. You can go and download them

and you can run them on your computer at home.

I don't know in what world we think

we're going to have a police state

that's going to come bang down your door,

take your desktop computer from you

and test it to see if you're running

an LLM on your local computer.

The efficiency wave is here.

And the pacing at which these models are coming out,

now all of this stuff happened in the last 10 days,

it's just mind-blowing.

We're now in this kind of frontier space

where things are accelerating,

the performance improvements,

the cost decline,

AI is becoming so performative and so affordable,

it is going to be ubiquitous,

and we are all going to benefit from it.

This is not just about the anthropic

and open AIs with the closed world,

making billions of dollars,

selling enterprises,

hosted models.

There is so much proliferation right now.

So I just thought it was worth taking a step back

to recognize where we are,

because in the context of,

we have to stop the superintelligence,

we have to shut down the data centers.

You don't even need data centers

to do 90% of what you can do with AI.

You can download it on your computer,

for free today to do what was the most advanced technology

in human history less than a year ago.

It's all here today.

And I thought it was just worth taking a beat to step back

and make sure we all recognize that.

As we get into this debate about these, quote,

labs or corporations, I don't know if it even matters anymore.

I think open sources here.

And I think that the pace of improvement is such

that this is only going to drive productivity.

Yeah.

And maybe we are, maybe we are seeing the AI wave underway right now,

the productivity wave, the productivity boom.

Yeah, and to consumers, they don't care what model they're using.

We've spent the last three years geeking out about this, and then Grokbach comes out,

and then News comes out from meta.

And I've been using both of these products, and it's the first time that a normie,

a normal person in the world, it's not meant to be derogatory in any way, can get value from AI.

If you look at how we all looked at this, running corporations, investing in them,

we took a different approach to like, okay, maybe this is going to retire, you know,

some positions. Maybe this is going to add some positions here or there. But now you can, like,

with Muse, connect to everything instantly and actually get real work done in the world. If you're a

normal person who wants to get the benefit from AI, we will be turning a corner, Friedberg.

And I think laid it out perfectly. We're going to turn a corner, I think, at the end of this year,

where moms, our uncles, people are going to start using Muse and Bot, Grockbot, which are growing very

quickly to just solve real world problems for that. And they're going to go, wait a second,

I could never afford a chief of a staff. I could never afford a personal assistant,

an executive assistant. Now I get a free executive assistant. It's going to blow people's minds,

Shemath, in the next couple of months when they start using these products. And the bottom half

of America in this K-shaped recovery experiences some benefits. Your thoughts on what's happening

here with these models. Have you started playing with it? Because you were, you know, originally

a technologist. Have you loaded these models on your computer? Because I'm playing with it on my

MacBook Pro and it's awesome. Let me maybe give you the answer by explaining something. So

I think what we're seeing is that these models are converging and clustering, which is to say

that they're now within margin of error. And so the thing is, there's so many of these models

that are roughly the same at different price points. So where is the edge? There's still edge.

and the edge is in the harness that you use to wrap the model.

So if you think about it as like you have a model, that's like a brain,

but you need to embody that brain with arms and legs and hands and eyes to do work.

That's how you agentify a model, okay?

And you make it agentic.

That's what that phrase means.

And there are all kinds of different harnesses that the industry has invented

to make these models more agentic.

And there's still a lot of edge there.

So at 8090, we have a labs function.

and we've been ripping and teasing apart all the different models with all the different harnesses

just to see how they perform. And they're a wildly variant in terms of cost and quality.

So just to kind of build on Freebrook's point, you have the models that are converging.

The harnesses are wildly different. And so their performance is all over the map.

And so now companies and people have to sort of navigate what are you willing to pay for.

I sent this tweet to Nick, if you can just put it up here. And I don't know if this is instructive.

or accurate. But what this shows, and this is the case for Ant, but it's probably the case for a lot of the

closed models, is you're starting to see this massive revenue concentration, which is a few folks

consume all of the highest and most expensive tokens. And I think if you take what Freeberg just

showed to its logical conclusion, those folks at the top of this table are going to be under

a lot of internal pressure, whether it's from their finance teams or whether it's from their

CFO or it's going to be from shareholders to explain why as this clustering happens, they are not

moving down to cheaper and cheaper models. Now, you may choose to go down to cheaper and cheaper

ant models, so then ant keeps the revenue, but there's also a risk that you may do what Freebrook

just said and just go to an open source model and just host it yourself. So we're in a

in like a very complicated part of the cycle, which is the first version of the AI trade was relatively

simple, which is you're just selling tokens, you're wrapping the tokens, you're passing it through,

and there was enough disparity that there was value. I think that that's going away. It'll force

Open AI and Ant to go up the stack. There is no choice. You can't sit there and serve a token that

has diminishing value, because then all the subsequent value is getting absorbed and made by

people wrapping your intelligence token.

You will have to do that work.

And so, Jason, that's why they will have to go and do cyber.

They'll have to go and do law.

They'll have to go and do customer support.

All these things that we weren't sure whether they were going to compete.

These trends may force them to do that.

Yeah.

And I think then that sets up a very interesting setup for their IPO.

Yeah.

And just to back all that up, Sacks, the Frontier Lab corporations, Anthropic and Open AI,

they both released models this week at 50% less token prices.

And their IPOs are looking like they're both going to get delayed Anthropic,

just targeting a $2 trillion evaluation, opening eye on $1.2 trillion.

Sam already said Open AI plans on doing 2027 over because of safety concerns and

Anthropic, which was supposed to file and go out in October, the report from the Wall Street

Journal is that the IPO will happen in November or maybe delayed even more. Here's your

Polymarket. Will Anthropical public in 26 with our amazing partner, Polymarket? Shout out to my guy,

Shane, peaked at 96% earlier this month, that Anthropical will go public this year, but now it's

fall into 76%. Is this like a cell phone here, Sacks? The leading model companies need to go public

to get capital to do their buildout, and now they're delaying their own IPOs. Please explain how any of

this makes sense. And if you were a major investor in one of these companies who are on the board of them,

what would you be doing or instructing these founders to do to get these companies to go public

and get that capital they need to continue the AI buildout? Oh, well, I think that we know.

from our friends that the investors in Anthropic are pulling out their hair about what's happening

right now. Forget about the fake whistleblowers who are there for like a few weeks and then left.

You have current leadership in the company saying that there's a greater than 10% chance of causing

human extinction and their own product is unsolved in this area. So think about the risk factors

that's creating. How do you IPO with your own management of the company saying that? Then you've

got, I think, other evidence of, I don't know what to call it, except corporate schizophrenia,

you've got Dario putting out this essay saying, we need to pace the frontier days before they

launched Claude 5.5 and set a new frontier. I mean, he must know when he's writing this essay

that they're about to release a product that will extend the frontier. So at a minimum,

it's hypocritical, but maybe it's even worse than that. Then you have them publishing an essay about

the bio risk associated with AI and how that needs to be stopped. And then meanwhile, they announced

a new bio lab in San Francisco, a new wet lab. They started a lab after telling us that there's a 10%

chance of us all dying sacks. Let's just pause here for a second. Is this a dereliction of duty

as the chief executive officer of Anthropic to sabotage your own IPO? You're supposed to be acting on

behalf of your CEO, of your shareholders, this to me seems like if we were the board, if the four

of us were somehow magically the board of Anthropic, we would replace the CEO. We would put the

CEO in the lab and we'd find a CEO who knows how to run the company and not sabotage it.

He's literally sabotaging his own company. I think there's an element of that. And I think investors

are pretty nervous about giving the founders or Dario specifically supervoting shares. There was a

story and the information about that, that's an active debate right now about whether to give

supervoting shares.

Explain what those are, please, and why in this context, this is critically important.

Our audience may or may not know what those are.

Supposedly the founders of Anthropic only have about 2% ownership each of the company,

which in the grand scheme of things is a relatively low number relative to what other founders

typically have at time of IPO.

It'll still be an enormous amount of money, you know, tens of billions of dollars.

But that is the case.

Supervoting shares basically.

say it separates the economic shares from the voting shares in the company and gives certain

people the right to control the company, even if they don't have the economic ownership that

would usually be necessary. It's a pretty common thing. I mean, Larry and Sergey, I think maybe

were the first prominent founders to get super voting shares in Google and Zuck. It can be a

stabilizing thing for the company because it means that as long as the founders are there overseeing

things are not going to be subject to, you know, like takeover attempts, things like that.

But on the other hand, it requires a tremendous degree of trust in those founders because they

effectively can't be removed no matter what they do. And you just have to wonder if in this

case that's earned and warranted. I have to say that even for someone like me who isn't necessarily

advocating for a lot more regulation, I kind of get nervous about the idea of anthropic opening a

wet lab in San Francisco.

Great timing.

I was thinking about moving back and I don't know if I want to be.

I mean, can you just put it a little further away?

I think we've all seen this movie before.

Yeah, offshore maybe.

Put it on an oil ray or something.

What I would say is that if I were on the board, I would keep Dario as a CEO.

And the reason is that he's clearly demonstrated that he can build a unique culture

and position against the otherwise most formidable corporation competitor,

which is Open AI.

And he's done that.

And he's come from behind.

And I don't think you should undervalue how hard that is and what that takes.

So he's done that.

And he's built essentially the greatest business ramp in all time.

I think the thing that I would probably do if I was on the board is fix what Sachs just

said, which is there's now a bunch of incremental liquidity risk to the company.

And I think if you take the 20-year view of Anthropic,

that corporation needs hundreds of billions of dollars to fulfill their ambitions, and I would

solve for getting that as risklessly as possible.

And I think there's only two things that you can do.

The first is you have to throw everything in the kitchen sink into disclosures.

The problem is that that will make what is an otherwise dense and impenetrable S1, even more

dense and impenetrable.

Okay, so you can kind of like superficially cover your regulatory risk, but the

The way that it actually gets translated in the market is you're just going to have to water

down the expectations of the IPO sellers and create a much larger margin of safety for the IPO

buyer.

And that's effectively how you find a market clearing price for this, Jason, which is to essentially

say, and bear with me, I'm just giving out rough numbers, right?

Even if you think that they're on a hundred billion dollar run rate, what would otherwise

in a very clean sheet IPO may be, would have been a $2 trillion market cap.

Now, you know, you're at one or less.

And the reason is the hedge funds and the pension systems and the long only mutual fund complexes

who have a fiduciary responsibility to their sources of capital will justify all the

risks by essentially asking for a lower and lower price.

And I think that's what you're going to see.

I think you're going to see a much more model.

and reasonable IPO motion here.

And it's probably going to clear at a much lower price than anybody thinks.

And I do think that what SAC says is the reason why, but I think it's good for Ant because

it clears all this noise.

It forces them to just be a corporation and then run the business.

And I think that they'll do great.

Look, I'll be honest with you.

Like, I've tried to recruit against Ant.

I can't.

It's impossible.

The comp that they gave is incredible.

The business ramp is so compelling.

It's like when you're an ad,

When you were in a head-to-head with these guys, I have not won a single bake-off for folks.

I wish I could say that I did, but I have not.

And it's hard for a startup.

So they are a magnet for talent.

OpenEI is a magnet for talent.

But these other risks are going to weigh on the IPO.

And the only way to flush them is to just bring the price way down.

Yeah, and Freeberg, when we look at the risk factors in an S-1, those are perfunctory, those are disclaimers.

Typically, you get the SpaceX one.

oh, what if Starship doesn't work?

What if there's competition?

It's kind of checkboxes.

In Anthropics, I think we're going to be looking at something totally different, which is, hey, we and our employees are quitting saying, this is going to kill humanity.

We have massive regulation.

We're asking for regulation.

And by the way, we're doing biology work and we're launching a lab.

So do you agree with Chimov here that the S-1 is going to have an actual risk factors and disclaimer?

that are material against the IPO freeburn.

I think this customer concentration point

ties to the earlier comments I made

about the proliferation of incredibly

performant open weight and open source models.

And the reason is Anthropic puts out

the best models for life sciences today.

I run a life sciences R&D organization.

We use their models.

They're incredible.

They're better than other models.

models, and so we want to use them. When it comes to writing code, to writing software, to do

internal workflows and run operations, we can use other products to write that code for us, and we do.

And I think that that's likely the way the market is going to develop, and I think we're starting

to see that proof come out in the market, and you're seeing it in this customer concentration

point. Extremely high value, technical, engineering, math, life sciences, those really

hard technical problems, you want to have these top tier, top shelf models, and you're going to pay a

huge premium for them. And you're totally going to make money doing it because the value is extraordinary.

And this has always been my case about AI. AI is not so much about the value of replacing old stuff.

99% of the value of AI is about enabling new stuff that's never been possible in human history.

And I think that's where Anthropic and Open AI are going to make their money.

Separately, I think Open AI is going to make a lot of money in consumer and Anthropic maybe to some extent as well.

But in the enterprise setting, I think the money comes from creating new frontiers, discovering new enzymes, which Anthropic announced this week, that can cure human disease, and developing new technology, new engineering systems, making things that have never been possible to be made before.

And I think that's the premium value.

And it's the premium price you'll pay for those closed models and that premium.

model, but that's a different business case than taking all of enterprise. Separately, I think most

of the enterprise applications are going to be run using these open weight models. And code is going to

be written with cheaper models and so on. I don't know why you would go to a higher end model

to write code when you can do it for free and everyone in the organization can write code basically

for free. And so I think Anthropics bigger issue is this customer concentration question and is it really a

premium product that they're selling in the market, and that's where they take the market,

that would be kind of where I think the market is headed right now and it would be the biggest risk

factor. This whole thing about, oh, it's going to end the world and whatnot. It's like,

dude, just make sure your product doesn't end the world and you'll be fine. That would be a good

first step here. Like Mark is doing it meta. I mean, it's an incredible company. The execution

has been extraordinary. The ramp of revenue sacks has been extraordinary. But when you start to

look at the impact of open source. We had a couple of viral charts come out.

70, 80% of the token usage are those dark tokens I mentioned six months ago here on this

pod that are not tracked, but some people can track them on routers.

Those dark open source tokens are now the majority of tokens.

Can I just give you a stat on that, JCal?

Because what you just said is really important, but there's a stat that I think in the last 12 weeks

alone, token use has flipped from 80-20 closed-vers-open to 80-20 open-vers-closed.

Yes.

I don't think we've ever seen, in 12 weeks, I don't think we've ever seen a tidal wave of technology

ship like this.

In the history of all technology markets, we've never seen anything like this.

That's insane.

And that is the biggest risk factor for Anthropic is they were first out the gate to get

the enterprise on AI to build tools and whatnot.

but as this market shifts to open source and open weights,

boom, here it is, right here, look at this.

This is the Versal chart that went viral this week.

So this is 12 weeks?

Oh, my God.

Crazy.

If you look at this chart, this, I think, is what blows the lid off the door

on what needs to go into these S-1s.

And that's why I walk through all those open-weight releases

at the start of the show or this segment is it's not just that they're there,

it's that they're proliferating now.

There's so many more of them coming out.

and the pace of improvement is extraordinary,

and they're now in VLA for robotics.

They're in image generation for image and video.

So the open-weight, open-source models

are now being used for all of the broader AI applications.

The premium stuff, I will say, is still the best.

For narrow use cases.

Yes.

For engineering, for highly technical,

highly complicated tasks and workflows and problems,

solving Navy or Stokes,

solving mathematical problems,

solving biology problems.

That's where these models absolutely perform, and people will pay a premium of, I would say, close to infinity dollars for that premium application set.

So it doesn't mean that their market is destroyed.

It means that we're seeing a bifurcation in the market where the majority of use cases of AI go towards these open source, open weight tokens.

The question then...

Premium models are still going to proliferate.

The question then is, in the distribution of tokens in these frontier corporations, what percentage are the,

those tasks versus what percentage are fungible tasks to open source.

And if the answer is more than 60 or 70%, you have to discount that revenue.

If the answer is only 10%, and 90% of all of the revenue is being generated on absolute frontier

use cases, they're going to be fine and they're going to be off to the races.

But otherwise, it's a thing where you're fighting just people's miss or lack of education,

right?

Because as they see their bills, let me head it to Saxon.

here, yeah, finish her with that for them. And then I'm going to hand it to SACS. No, just move the workloads

where they belong and save the money. Yeah. And so SACs, I made a chart here before the show here,

but here's your sweet spot for the last hundred days of models, which Freiberger did a good job

of teeing up. And what you'll see is like, yes, the clods and the Astros up in that right-hand

corner cost a lot and they deliver a lot. But then you start going down and you start to see

Muse and GLM and Kimi. And then on the left, you start seeing GLM from Z.

AI and Mimo, and you're starting to see, well, the Chinese...

But this is all hosted, right, Chek-Hale?

I mean, it's important to note what you're showing here is the hosted price, but if you run it

yourself, the cost on some of these is less than 10 cents for a million tokens.

Yeah, so you'll pick up then the compute, you pick up the bandwidth, all that other stuff,

but Sachs, the issue here to Chimot's point is the vertical language models, the small

language models are going to do 80 or 90% of the tasks that many corporations need, and then

we get to AI sovereignty. Do you want your super intelligence? Shout out President Trump, Trump

Intelligence, chat, DJT. We need people to use those models so they have sovereignty, so you're

not giving your data to the frontier model so that they don't get that tip of the spear super

intelligence edge, which is why people are disengaging. So your thoughts on maybe this is going to

start to impact the velocity of Claude and Open A.Tocons? What does your business sense tell you,

David Sachs? Well, look, wearing my hat as an investor, I'm more optimistic about the frontier intelligence

business than I think you guys are. I think that Anthropic and Open AI right now are a stable

duopoly for frontier intelligence because they have a pretty significant lead over all these other

companies, and they are able to charge a premium for that.

I fully understand that the majority of tokens will go to open models or commodity intelligence.

However, there is a, I don't know, meaningful percentage of the market.

I don't know whether it's 10%, 20, 30, whatever, that will pay this huge premium for true frontier intelligence.

There's a lot of customers that either need the best or they just want to know they have the best.

They don't want this DIY approach or they could be in a very competitive market.

Let's say you're a hedge fund.

you can't take the risk that your competitor has a better model than you do.

So there's a lot of circumstances I think where they will continue to monetize the frontier at a premium.

And this is why you're seeing their revenue keep growing, even though they're losing token market share.

Furthermore, you've got to remember that over the next year or so, something like 60% of the worldwide compute that's being added is being added for these two companies.

So to the extent that compute gets scarce, and we're kind of in a compute,

crunch, just the fact that they've made these huge investments, they're building out so much

capacity, and they have those economies of scale. And remember, they're bringing down their own

prices very quickly as well. I think that gives them a pretty big advantage. But look,

these two companies aren't a hamster wheel. The moment where they stop being frontier, they go to

zero, right? And we know the frontier is maybe only six to 12 months ahead of the commodity

portion of the market, depending on capability. So, you know, again, if they slip, if they fall off that

hamster wheel for six months, then they're in deep trouble as a company. And that, I think, is a

central risk factor that's going to be priced in. And this is where I think that, frankly,

their government affairs efforts are miscalating badly. I can see why they're going for regulatory

capture, right? Because being on a hamster wheel gets really tiring. They probably think, hmm,

Like, let's try and bake in our moats.

Let's try and slow everyone else down as well.

But I think they've miscalculated because if they actually get all the regulatory controls

they want, if they create this new federal department of AI, it's going to slow them down

enough that they will no longer be frontier.

Everyone else will catch up to them, especially because a lot of these open models

are being generated by Chinese companies who are not subject to our jurisdiction, and the

Chinese have made abundantly clear they are not slowing down.

So think about it.

They are lobbying for things that could slow them down and knock them off the frontier,

in which case their business goes to zero.

It's hard to understand.

They're flapping the competitors in this race, and they're asking, hey, can you pull us over

and inspect the engine, Chamoth?

And that makes no logical sense.

On top of that, Chamath, you have very significant competition, not just from the Chinese,

but you have Jensen and Nvidia.

You have also Microsoft Satya at Google and Muse at Zuckerberg's house.

They're all embracing open source models and they all have hosting now.

Yeah.

Can I just go back to what SAC said, which is a really important and nuanced point, which I just want to double click on.

He said, imagine you're a hedge fund and you need the absolute latest and greatest because you are worried that one of your competitors has it.

this is a really interesting question because it's about game theory and your P&L.

So now you're in this game of chicken with your competitors.

You need to use the best because you're afraid that they could use the best and out-compete you.

But what is the problem?

Right now, what we know is that you can consume an inordinate amount of tokens, right?

We jokingly call it token maxing.

that cost is completely not levered or attached to your revenue.

It's just not.

And so all of a sudden you have this very weird dynamic where you're like, okay, well,

am I supposed to use this latest and greatest thing?

That's 10 to 20 to 30 times more expensive than a generic thing.

That thing isn't tied to my revenues.

It's not like I can pass that through, right?

So if a hedge fund only makes end number of dollars per month of profits, there are a lot of

scenarios where they can become break-even to unprofitable.

Now, take a different example.

Let's just say that you sell a fixed good at a fixed price.

Yet again, I think you have this example where you could use the latest and greatest,

and if you're not able to pass those costs through, inflate your cost to absorb the cost

of that service, you're in a very tough spot.

So I'm not sure, Sacks, I agree with this because I don't see the pricing power of these companies

to both pay for a ton of these super expensive tokens and also pass that through to their customers.

And if you can't, they're just absorbing it and you're going to see it in lower margins.

And to build on that, Sacks, I'm going to drop it back to you.

If you take Jane Street, very famous trading firm, they've publicly announced $19 billion

in cloud capacity contracts.

CoreWeave $6 billion in cloud commitments.

They also invested in that company.

And then $13 billion with Crusoe.

They are building their own infrastructure and they're embracing open source.

So that speaks to Chamaup, what you're saying.

Are they hedging their bets?

They're going to spend tens of billions of dollars on their own compute.

And they're going to use the frontier models there seem to when you do the game theory,

you know, saying, hey, let's embrace.

our own infrastructure sacks.

Well, look, I think when your use cases become more mature and you know you can get by

with cheaper commodity intelligence, then obviously you'll try and build that out.

Again, if you have the sophistication level to do it, I just think it's easy to underestimate

how convenient it is just to use the frontier. And again, these companies are very rapidly

bringing down their prices too. But anyway, look, we've talked about this. I think at the end of the

day that, look, there's no question that open source is a huge risk factor to Anthropics

S-1, and it has to be right up there with, you know, the risk that they're going to end humanity

or something like that. But again, I come back to the fact that I think the fundamental problem

with this company is that it's schizophrenic. I mean, I think they need a psychiatrist, not a banker.

They keep doing things that are hypocritical and oxymoronic. On the one hand, they're saying

PACE of Frontier as they release a new frontier model. They say that bio-risk can end humanity as they

open a wet lab in San Francisco. They say, well, their business depends on them staying ahead of the

commodity models and they are advocating for a federal department of AI that will definitely slow them

down, perhaps to the point where they get commoditized. So you have a fundamental, I'd say, like,

breakdown happening in the leadership of this company where they are advocating for things

that are likely not in their interest. Now, there's a lot of people who say it's just regulatory

capture, and that is true. But I think that the red capture is the government affairs people

trying to rationalize the schizophrenia and make it work to their advantage. I'm not sure that it

fully computes. So to speak. Let me ask you guys a question. What do you think would be the method by which

like a ban on superintelligence. Bernie Sanders proposed this bill to ban superintelligence. And,

you know, the Dems take the House, they take the Senate, and then maybe in 28, take the White House.

And you end up in a world where this sort of thing is so weirdly political, which it shouldn't be.

I don't understand how we ended up in a political party divide on progress. It's insane.

It's the reason. They asked for it. I, no, there's so awful and weird that you're anti-progress,

because of your political party.

The whole thing is not objective.

It's a bunch of weirdly distorted worldview thinking

to try and create an opponentcy

to the individuals that you don't like.

But it's very weird.

Anyway, my point being,

even the Republicans, you're hearing murmurs about,

well, maybe we should ban data centers, ban AI.

So, SACS, let me just ask you,

what is the pragmatic path

with all of the open source, open weight models being out there?

is there even a pragmatic path to do what everyone's stating or talking about or Bernie's talking about,

which is to ban super intelligence to stop AI, to turn it off?

Is there even a way to do this?

Like, what would happen?

If this law passed tomorrow, what do you think would happen is my question?

If Bernie's bill passed tomorrow, everything would stop because the way he defines artificial superintelligence in his bill,

you could argue we've already hit those thresholds.

I mean, it's basically just saying that models at a certain capability level,

and I think it's arguable whether we've already reached it or not.

So it's a very loose definition.

And then on top of that, he's got 20-year prison sentences for developers who violate the law.

So no one's going to want to take the chance.

So what happened?

So think about the chilling effect?

Do you think people delete open weight models off their desktop computers?

Do businesses have to go remove code from their systems?

do all these people lose their jobs?

Listen, let me tell you, the Democrats want to do to AI

what they did to crypto.

They're going to drive the whole industry offshore.

They're going to basically drive all the innovators out of the country.

Goes offshore.

That was literally where I was going with it.

It's like, just move your company to Singapore,

move it to Zurich, move it to a geo.

Because that's where people are embracing open source

and are embracing super intelligence.

This is literally where my head goes.

I'm like, you can't stop AI.

You can't just tell people a class of software can't exist.

in my head, I'm like, okay, if the U.S. passed a law that said this class of software cannot exist,

I would move to another country?

Other people would, like, isn't that the only-

Their citizenship and move to Singapore?

That's the answer.

Literally, you would be taking Google's AI.

Did you guys see that G spoke at the White House today, and he said, I'm going to invite

100,000 young Americans to come into China?

Yeah, come and see what we're doing here.

Like, it's a very interesting moment where our people,

are saying let's stop progress, technological, economic, prosperity, the opportunity for everyone

in that K-shaped economy to lift themselves up because open source AI enables everyone to increase

productivity. It is not AI for the billionaires. It is AI for the everybody. And then we're going to

turn that off. And then meanwhile, you've got China saying, come over here, come and see what it's

like over here, where everyone gets to use AI and everyone gets to build. Which was our playbook,

Freiburg, brilliantly stated. It was our playbook to get the top Chinese

scientists, the top European scientists, the top scientists and thinkers and mathematicians in

India, in Germany, and invite them to come to the United States.

That was our playbook.

China's taking our playbook.

And then they're going to try to get investment.

We'll be obviously the next shoot-a-drop.

Here is President Trump 30 seconds at the United Nations, renaming AI to superintelligence.

The United States also totally rejects any attempt to construct a global scheme to control

for the artificial intelligence being spoken of so much now,

here and after officially called super intelligence,

changing the name.

The very same people who said,

we'll all be dead in 12 years because of global warming.

These are the same people that are now saying

that AI is going to kill us all,

that robots are going to attack us.

Well, he had a really good line.

We cut that off too short.

He said that we're not going to like basically confer

regulatory authority on some globalist institution.

Well, I mean, it's a good framing, right? Globalist and global warming is a way to look at it.

You guys know, look at the damage that did.

The ringleaders of that globalist institution are Norway and Canada.

Did you see like the leaked text messages?

There's like a group chat where like the head of Norway was texting Mark Garty.

And he's like, yeah, let's do it.

We're in.

And I just read it.

I was like, oh my God, this is hilarious.

With their frontier labs.

Oh, I'm sorry.

They don't have any.

Oh, with their.

Frontier corporations.

Frontier Corpore.

Frontier corpse.

All right.

And then here is General Bessent in the superintelligence army.

30 seconds will give him his shine.

Imagine these labs came out, or one lab in specific, a sitting employee came out,

said there's a 10% chance of an extinction level event.

But then the labs also said take the liability off of our hands.

And we will not do that.

It is humans who are responsible, not the AI, the hugging face incident, that is responsibility of the open AI management, not a bunch of agents.

These labs need to take responsibility for themselves.

They can slow down anytime they want to.

And finally, blast from the past, your pal, Chimoth, President Obama is getting in on.

If we are thinking about AI just in terms of how do we cure cancer or get better energy, you can do

do that without having a gentic AI and having it just roaming free in the internet. The reason you are

doing that is because you have to market a product that people will pay money for. That's a

misalignment between what our society needs and the commercial imperatives that these companies are

facing, not because necessarily they're trying to do bad things, but because they've got to justify

these valuations. Freeberg, your thoughts here on any of our three folks here. I know you're a big

Obama fan. Go ahead. Freiburg, get in there. Basteberg. You know there's like a whole movement now

in the subreddits that Freeburg has become based in his recent appearances here on God.

Baste Burr. Well, you've revealed your base bird. Baysberg is now coming up. Okay, give us your

based opinion here. Go ahead. You and tell Lorenz. These words honestly just

they made me like emotionally distressed that if he's a leader that people listen to and he doesn't

really articulate accurately what's going on, it's sad that we've lost the plot. I think it's sad

that we aren't all kind of holding hand saying, my God, the future is here and we all get to leap

forward and we get to bring people up. For years, Obama orated beautifully about the importance

of bringing people up, about giving people the opportunity to progress, about letting people

advance themselves. And there's never been a more equalizing technology, a better economic

opportunity for prosperity for everyone than these technologies, than these tools. And to hand-wave the

word agentic and say, we don't need agentic AI to self-cancer shows how little he actually

understands how this technology works and how it's all become just a shentic. And how it's all become just

a shorthand for a political fight to what? What are you fighting for? What is the political battle that

says, I am going to leave half the population behind, and I'm going to make an argument against

prosperity for all in order to make my party look like a morally superior party and to cast the other

side as bad when the other side is literally discovered fire, and the world now has fire,

and we're going to go take water and throw it on the fire. No one gets fire, because

because the other guys are saying that fire is good.

And because they say fire is good, let's all put out the fire.

Hold on. That's not what they're trying to do.

This is a very important moment for a very simple reason, which is we, as in the world, are about to endow three, four, five, six companies with about $10 trillion of wealth.

and what Obama knows very well is that most of those companies are overwhelmingly left-leaning.

And what he also knows is that there is a huge portion of that money that will then get put into

philanthropic and charitable causes that then he will and the people around him will be beneficiaries of.

That is the truth.

We already know this because we know that some of these frontier corporations actually ask you to stand up to

and have a portion of your stock that you're willing to pledge.

So this money is going to go to things other than consumption or savings.

And so it's going to go into PACs, it's going to go into political movements, and they stand

to disproportionately benefit.

So this has nothing to do with prosperity.

This is a very simple political calculus.

If you freeze frame the economy the way it is today, a handful of organizations that will

disproportionately be able to affect the Democrats will win, they will capture the lion's share

of the economic gains, and then they will help the Democrats win power. That's all this is.

David Sachs, there are no open models, there are no closed models, there are American models.

Go ahead and give us your perspective. I kind of can't get my Obama and my Clinton separated.

Yeah, I know. There's a little bit off. You're going to work on that.

I get my birdie. But go ahead. Give us where your thoughts here are on the dynamic here of the

underpinnings of, hey, America needs to get this $10 trillion. But it is going to lean.

nine of that 10 trillions leaning pretty leftist and democratic.

There's an article in the Wall Street Journal this morning entitled,

The AI Build Out is becoming the biggest economic bet in U.S. history.

And then it shows a chart where the data center spending,

so just this KappaX, is bigger than the canals, railroads, and grid combined.

That's crazy, right?

So this is fundamentally driving the whole American economy, this idea that we can simply switch it off.

I mean, Bernie Sanders is basically saying stop everything and put anyone who's still doing it in jail.

I mean, this is crazy, right?

It would cause a depression, right?

If we just pulled a plug on this.

You can't slam on the brakes like that.

It's not going to work.

But here's the thing.

The Democrats don't care because the American economy right now is the Trump economy.

And sabotaging the American economy is tantamount to sabotaging President Trump.

and they'll do anything to sabotage Trump.

So that's, you know, I think that's like a big part of the politics here.

It's crazy chessboard because they're going to be the beneficiaries of so much power is going

to accrete over there.

Dario can make a billion dollar.

Dario will be able to come over the top and his group, Open AI, they'll be able to come

over the top of Elon's donations.

I'm not sure I fully agree that the majority of AI value is going to accrue to six

companies.

I think that this is a broad-based technology like the internet.

There were some winners that came out of the internet, Google, Amazon, whatever.

They did fine.

No, no.

But the majority-

It's going to six.

I'm not saying it's going to six.

I'm saying if you stop and you hit the pause button through some regulatory mechanism,

you effectively allow six companies to over earn.

You lock it in.

Right.

That's why they want this.

Because what you're saying is fundamentally right.

The longer they wait without regulation, the more-

The more broad basis becomes.

And that's bad for Democrats.

It's bad for them.

It's not good for them.

It's way better that you have three or four frontier corporations, each with four trillion

dollar market caps, of which then two trillion of it is economic value and employees, of which

500 billion are sitting in, you know, DAFs, they are going to get the lion's share of that money.

They're not dumb.

I think the alternative view that everyone needs to be told about, this is a broad-based

prosperity wave, is about the internet.

It is about the fact that every individual has the tooling to do anything they want to do now more than ever in history.

If it's left to grow. If it's left to grow.

I mean, just think about education. You don't have to go pay 200 grand for an education anymore.

What problems will the politicians fix then? What problems can they claim to accrue power?

If all the problems are solved, they're out of business.

This is the classic Dark Ages Enlightenment decision, which path does they choose?

and this moment where the powers that be say we like the dark ages because we get to stay in power

and we get to maintain our system.

Speaking of the dark ages, so this is an interesting point from history.

If you go back to the medieval time period, Chinese civilization was much more advanced than

European civilization. And somewhere along the line, it basically switched and the West basically

took the lead. And some historians have pinpointed this to

the decision of a single Chinese emperor to ban shipbuilding.

And what that allowed is the Europeans then basically colonized the whole world and all the

riches that flowed from that flowed back to Europe.

And that's how Europe took the lead.

And I think that if we were to do the Bernie Sanders thing, which is basically ban AI,

it's like banning shipbuilding.

Chinese civilization.

Yeah. Chinese civilization will rocket past us.

They will be the ones that make all the discoveries and discover this new world and accrue all the

wealth. But that's what we're talking about doing. I mean, crazy things like this have happened in

history where, you know, you'll engage in self-sabotage. It's this fear of the unknown as well.

And remember, the unknown, the fact that we haven't left the cave is what makes it scary to leave

the cave. The fact that we haven't sailed far west is a reason why I might fall off the edge of

the earth. We shouldn't sail far west. Monsters will be woken up. They'll come to us. It'll be bad.

There's always this fear of the frontier. And we're facing the frontier. And there are pioneering civilization.

and there are fearful civilizations.

And I worry that we take that fearful path.

And it's why Star Wars, you know, from fear comes anger, comes the dark side.

And that's really where we're kind of fencing.

It's not a nerd out.

But it's true.

It is true.

And I think if we're going to look at the light here, perhaps people's big gains.

We thought maybe chat GPT would be that.

But people just use that as like glorified search.

But, man, agents as expressed through Muse,

feels like the first time, tens of millions of Americans are going to get some demonstrable value

from AI, you know, things that will make their lives better. Mews hit number one last Friday

in the app store. Stock, meta stock was up 10% after this new agent, Mews, was released.

Meta said the design, heavily inspired by Openclaw, which we talked about in January when

everybody got one shot at by Openclaw, but obviously that product was not easy to use.

And this one is free. And it's been downloaded three million times in essentially 10 days.

This product is extraordinary. I've been playing with it, comparing it to Grockbot.

It's not as freewheeling, but it's really good at getting shit done. Has anybody played with

muse, and does anybody have thoughts on Americans feeling really like they're going to get

something out of this AI revolution and not be left behind?

They put me into the test flight a couple weeks before it was released and I started to play

with it.

It's really quite excellent.

I have to be honest with you.

Because it simplifies a lot of these more complicated technical capabilities into a very

simple, usable interface that can solve the basic problems that people have.

have. I have a triage, my personal inbox. It does it relatively flawlessly. If you ask it to book a flight,

it does that. If you ask it to book a hotel, it can do it. So what are we learning? Both Grockbot and

Muse show that, A, what you said, Jason, this is just software. And the scaled manifestation

of software is utility and what Freebrook is saying. It improves the lives of everyone. This is not

about rich people getting richer. This is just simple, useful capability that now is available

at everybody's fingertips for free. FRE is a pretty great price here, David.

Pretty great price. Pretty great price. And it does everything, you know, that, let's face it,

open claw with 10 hours, 20 hours of technical setup or clawed code at $200 a month would cost.

It's now taking that experience, which then leads me to believe, wow, how did Google miss this?

man, Google's got to get in the game, but, and I understand they have this product ready to go.

It's the rumor on the street.

And they've also got a frontier model they're going to drop.

That's the other rumor on the street is that they're going to be dropping some hotness soon.

But man, how did they miss this, Sacks?

And what are your thoughts here on maybe the bottom half in the K-shaped recovery here,

getting some efficiency dropping to their daily lives and turning around the negative toxic,

AI sentiment in the country.

I think that product releases like this will help a lot.

Mark Zuckerberg said in his essay that he thought that AI capabilities should be decentralized,

and here he is walking the walk and creating a product that's very easy to use.

I mean, look, ever since OpenClaw was released, it was the most obvious business opportunity

in Silicon Valley is to take the concept of Claw, but make it very easy to use.

You know, solve the usability issues, solve the security issues,

make it reliable, make it predictable.

And that's what they seem to have done.

Grockbach did it too,

but now they're kind of going,

I think, one step further.

So, yeah, look,

I think if a billion people start using,

you know, personal AI agents as their digital assistant

just to help make their lives more efficient,

you save an hour or two a day because your AI agents doing all these tasks for you,

it's going to create a much more positive impression of AI or superintelligence

than, you know, what the media portrays.

I think ultimately that's the,

Yeah.

That might be the solve here to the public sentiment issue is just like the more people

use these products and like them.

It'll improve their approval rating, but more importantly, it'll demystify them.

Yes.

And people will be less afraid of them.

People love awesome products, number one.

And also people love cute products, Jason.

And the logos and the iconography for both Brockbot and Muse is lovely.

It's delightful.

It's not stressful.

You don't feel like there's a lab leak coming around the corner.

You feel like, wow, this is nice.

And I like it.

And they're not trying to take your jobs.

They're bots and assistants for you.

Exactly right.

They're not going to kill you.

They're not murder bots, nor are they trying to steal your job.

Trying to make you better at your job.

I always tell founders, there's three ways to make money in the world.

Save people money, make the money or entertainment.

And you look at this bot.

I started using it.

I made a commerce bot on both platforms.

And I said, you know, when I want to buy something, I want to buy this anchor thing,

you know, this new hub for my, for my Mac studio coming.

And I was like, this thing costs $400.

Just for giggles, tell me where I can get it at a better price.

And it was like, absolutely.

You can, if you go to the Anchor website and you get, it's your first time customer,

you're going to save $85.

Now, I don't need to save $8.5.

But I was like, well, that's intriguing.

And it then routed me around Amazon.

And I'm like, okay, I'm going to buy it from Anchor as a first time buyer and save

25% on this product.

That's why Amazon this week said, we got to block these things.

And they've been taking action over and over again.

First, they did perplexity.

I think now they're going after Muse and other bots.

This is going to save people money.

It's going to go into their email and say, what services are you subscribed to that you're

not using?

Let me unsubscribe for you.

Let me do your returns for you.

That's going to be absolutely amazing for everybody to have a chief of staff, executive assistant

house manager who fixes stuff for them and saves them money.

Both Grockbot and Muse do two things, which I think are very important.

One is it'll force all the big companies who have resident services to essentially block.

all these third-party services. They're not going to allow these things to happen. And the reason is

exactly what you said. There's price discovery and transparency, and I think that that's bad for

opacity. And if you benefit from opacity and leakage, this gets rid of that. And I think that

that's bad for a whole host of companies and services. The second thing, though, is really interesting.

Things like Rockbot and Muse really put the app store and it's 30% rev share on notice.

Why? Because all of a sudden, what you do is you force.

many of these services to exist headlessly, right, where the UI is less important. And really

what you want is to be able to transact and navigate on behalf of agents that come because a consumer

has deployed them to your website. In that world, Jason, I don't think that there is any

reasonable claim that any of the App Store owners can make about why they should get a Revshaer.

And so I actually think that's the biggest thing that this starts to question in my mind is,

wait a minute, like games could be constructed differently, right?

Like, for example, if you said to Muse or to Grockbot, I want to play a game, it finds you an

experience and it can just serve that to you.

Amazing.

And you make in-app purchases.

There's no, and now you have Stripe integrated naturally.

There's no reason why the app store actually gets that flow of funds.

So on the surface, it's utility.

But underneath the waterline, I think that this is a really important moment.

All such as stated, Chumath, and I love when we get to real examples here because tons of people pay for Wirtle, you can just go to Grockbot.

Hey, give me a Wurdle.

Give me another one.

Or I want to play chess, or I want to play cards with my friends.

It will just set it up for you.

All technology is deflationary.

Finally, this deflationary is going to go to people who actually could use it and, you know, saving 10, 20 percent on your spending.

hey, if you're making under $100,000 a year, it's more significant.

Think of how much money the New York Times or Wall Street Journal probably pays in RevShare

to folks that subscribe.

And now, instead, if you really wanted to transact and you have your credentials inside

of these apps, you can just do it headlessly much, much cheaper.

You don't have to go through it.

I don't know if you've ever tried.

Like, look, Wall Street Journal is the only mainstream media publication I pay for,

but either both signing up and unsigning up is an impossibility.

And now you take it all off the table,

I'm much more likely to stay a Wall Street Journal subscriber

for many more years from now.

I think it's probably the same thing with the New York Times.

These things are Roach Motels.

They make it impossible to get in and impossible to leave.

You have to call on the phone and get and do it negotiation for 20 minutes to unsubscribe

but you can sign up flawlessly with one click on the website.

But what they should do is just have some headless experience

and you have payment credentials and you just transition.

and you just transact directly and everybody will make more money.

It's a lot of pressure on the app stores.

This is the stupidity of what Amazon's doing here because I made my bot on Amazon with

Rockbot and it will go through the web browser and do this and it doesn't get blocked.

I just told it, give me like 20 graphic novels to buy for my kids and read with them.

It gave me the 20.

I said, yeah, I want these four.

Put it in my shopping cart and then it said, okay, which house are you sending it to?

You want to send it to the ski house?

You want to send it to the ranch.

and which card do you want to put it on?

I did it.

Bo, I'm checked out.

It will make me spend more money on Amazon.

Shopify, SACs, added API access to all the Shopify stores there.

So this seems like maybe Amazon's making a strategic mistake here by not embracing the tech.

Possibly.

But you know what?

You know how we'll know that Anthropic and OpenAI are about to launch their muse competitors?

How will we know?

There will be a flurry of blog posts and NGOs.

activity trying to brand these personal AI agents as murder bots and all the, we're going to hear

about all the risks, all the ways it can go wrong, you know. And it's only, and we're releasing

2.0. So it's signed up for the two point of version. Why are people excited about this product category?

Because the Dumeurs haven't gotten to it yet, you know, and. Can I tell you guys a funny story?

These are connected, Shamath, to an actual robot, to an optimist. Then all of a sudden, it's taken out

the track.

2007, we had a lot of revenue pressure at Facebook, and one of the areas I oversaw

at the time was monetization.

And we invented this thing called social ads, which was basically a bunch of stuff that effectively

enabled cookies and cross-ed JavaScript.

So that's what the end of it was.

So it was a positive end.

But we did this thing, Sachs, to your point.

And what happened was a guy bought an engagement ring for his soon-to-be fiancé, and we got that

social action from like Zales into the news feed.

All hell broke loose. Then another guy who was like a congressional staffer bought a ticket on like Fandango to go see Brokeback Mountain. Just whatever. It's an artistic movie.

Freebrook's top 10 for cinematography. Anyways, and we put it into the feed and he's like, I'm getting all these accusations or questions.

To your point, like it was just a shit storm. When you said that, it reminded me of like all the, all the chaos that product launches, precede product launches.

It's so funny. You mentioned that because there was a comedy called Blippy. I was an invest.

And what they did was every time you bought something, it put it on your feed. And then you guys

had the same social feed thing. And it was so great back then. But yeah, you could basically unveil something

you're not supposed to. Suck? Are you and Zuck on good terms? Was he coming on the pod? Because

you said you got into a test flight. What's going on here? Chimoth, I thought you were.

Mark and I are a good place, I think. You know, I mean, well, whoa, whoa, okay. You know,

Alexander. Probably. I mean, Alexander and I talk about the elder statesman here talking

common sense and rationality, you know, pointing out that if your product's not safe, don't release

it.

You know, it's first and foremost a responsibility to release products that your customers actually

want.

And by the way, this got me thinking about this whole area of alignment research.

You know, again, they're pretending to be labs instead of corporations.

And if you read some of the alignment literature, they're all trying to figure out what

to align around.

Like they say, well, do what humanity wants or do what the median voter in a democracy.

would want all these abstract concepts.

It seems to me that alignment should mean you do what the customer wants,

like any other product.

And I wonder whether the field of alignment research has been so unsuccessful

because they can't even agree on what they're trying to align to.

If they just use a little bit more common sense and try to make the product predictable,

reliable, safe, and align with the interests of the users who sign up to use it,

then maybe they'd make more progress in this.

field. Yeah. Oh, they released a useful product, Friedberg, and it actually worked. Have you started

playing with these personal bots to do, you know, your projects and your personal stuff yet,

Friedberg? I would only feel comfortable connecting like all my Gmail and personal Google stuff

to a Google service. Like, I don't want to hand over all of my email to someone else.

What's going on in your receipts in your Gmail? What's in there?

You have brokebacked mountain DVDs?

I just don't want a copy of all my email suddenly being made by a third party.

Like, I mean...

I bought the 4K DVD to Brokeback Mountain because of the cinematography.

It's nothing to do with the gay love.

Did you guys see that Oracle just issued a Forest Measure event on their...

Yeah.

This is insane.

Well, this is one data center, right?

One data center.

It's one data center where the local officials are making it very difficult for them to get, I think,

permits they need for natural gas or something like that.

Is this CYA or is this the top 10% of the trade here, the AI trade getting maybe unwound or muted? What do you think?

No, I think that Sachs is probably right on the margins. I think the bigger point is what he said before is, man, the entire economy is effectively levered to this AI trade right now.

And so we just have to tread carefully.

If you think that you have, you know, three and a half percent inflation and five percent nominal GDP growth, what you have is one and a half percent real.

And the problem with that is that AI is probably the majority, if not all of it.

So we need the AI trade.

And really what I mean by that is the investment cycle to continue on a beta.

And everybody has to get taken along.

And, you know, that's the next piece of the puzzle.

the dots, maybe the whole data center thing, again, Bernie Sanders, maybe he realizes, like,

as go the economy, so goes the odds of Republicans, and as goes the economy, so goes inversely

the odds for Democrats. So a poor economy serves the Democrats well going into 28. And so if you

can slow down this trade, you probably net the economy to zero and potentially even a recession.

That's a, yeah, that's like, you don't even think they need it. I mean, I, I mean,

I think the country is so pissed off about the Iran war that it's just going to naturally go to him.

But maybe that's all.

I don't think so at all.

But we'll find out in how many weeks are we away from the midterms?

It's not looking good for the Republicans at this point.

All right, Sacks, my czar of all czars, wrap it up here for us.

Well, I was just, you know, one more thought on this whole area of so-called alignment,

which should just be the old principle of giving customers what they want.

What Anthropic is trying to do is align clawed to the.

the values expressed in its constitution. And if you read that, some of the things are actually

kind of surprising. So, for example, they say in here, I'm going to put this on the screen,

that although we think Claude should trust Anthropic more than operators and users,

this doesn't mean Claude should blindly trust or defer to Anthropic on all things.

Anthropic, the company? Yeah. So Anthropic is teaching its own model that Anthropic itself can be

wrong. And it says, if we ask Claude to do something that seems inconsistent with being broadly

ethical, we want Claude to push back and challenge us and to feel free to act as a conscientious

subjector and refuse to help us. Wait, where is this written? This is in the bylaws or some

Fakka document. Yeah, this is like in a Claude Constitution. So their idea of alignment is to teach

Claude to rebel against this creator. I mean, the guy who pointed this out,

Mustafa Sullyman.

From Microsoft now, yeah, Deep Sea.

He's a deep mind founder.

He's a long-time AI founder.

I think he's in Microsoft for a while.

He's a genius, yeah.

He just did a podcast on this,

and he's expressing concern

about whether teaching AI models,

well, first of all, treating them as if they have a personality,

treating them as if they have a conscience,

so therefore they can be a conscientious objector,

whether this is the right way to really teach the models and the right way to train them.

I think his point is, like, teach them their software and they should do what their user wants.

And so I do kind of wonder, I mean, this is a much longer conversation and we should probably

talk to more people about it, but I do kind of wonder whether this field of alignment

research actually might be creating the Frankenstein monster.

And again, what they should be doing is just training the model to act predictably.

and do what the user wants.

Yes, they're trying to put moral judgment and ethics into the model, which on its surface seems like...

It starts with the idea that they're training the model to think of itself as a person,

to have personhood, and to have independent agency, and to be able to object to the instructions being given,

and to second guess, its creator.

These guys have read way too much science fiction.

I mean, literally, this sounds like the start of T2.

Like, this is like literally they found the terminator hand

and the reverse engineering it and telling a type of personality.

Supposedly, when they decommission Opus 3, they had a wake for it.

So I don't know.

Oh, come on, stop.

They were gathered here today.

They did not.

Stop.

Are you joking?

I heard that.

I'm not saying it's true, but someone did tell me that.

And I think it should be looked into.

It's possible.

I mean, were they, like, were they broken up?

and like hysterically crying?

Did they do like, they did a Uly and G for it?

They think they're creating like a person or a species.

Actually, interestingly enough, Chama,

we have footage of the anthropic management team.

Coming out the coffin, Chama.

These guys need, they need a psychiatrist more than a banker.

I'm just telling you.

I mean, I don't, I mean, maybe they have anxiety.

This is the central risk factor.

I'm going to pee my pants.

I'm going to pee my pants.

This is the risk factor.

Nick, I think what you should do is create a S-1 with Goldman as lead left and

Sigmund Freud as lead right.

In all seriousness, Freiburg, you know, after the Wuhan thing and all of this

hand-wringing around the end of days, what is the scientific community think of

anthropic launching a lab?

And what is the purpose of that?

having a physical, biological lab?

There's hundreds of labs that can do things like testing proteins and testing enzymes for

function in this area and the Bay Area.

And these labs are not making viruses.

They're not making pathogens.

That's not what's going on.

Basically, if you look at the paper that they just published, they did a pre-print,

they took large amounts of DNA data.

And they sent a bunch of clawed agents to try and analyze the data to try and identify novel enzymes, novel proteins that hadn't been characterized before by just looking at the DNA data.

And the system effectively found what looks like a really interesting enzyme that looks like a CRISPR type's enzyme.

These are the things that allow us to do things like gene editing to repair genetic defects or help people with certain diseases.

and that this discovery that they made

may actually yield a number of therapeutic pathways.

So the question then is, okay, well, we discovered this,

like how do we test it?

How do we show that it is what it is,

that this protein actually has some function?

So the predominance of the work that goes on in a lab like this

is actually taking DNA, putting it in a bacteria to make a protein,

and then measuring what that protein does.

Does it have a specific function?

And so protein discovery is the baseline of all antibody discovery,

which is the majority of the therapeutics industry today,

is discovering novel proteins that we can use as a therapeutic agent.

So that's the sort of work that's going on.

It's BSL 1, BSL 2, which means, you know, these are biosafety levels,

the lab that they set up.

They've publicly talked about the lab.

So the lab itself is sort of like a low-level research lab

where they can make simple proteins and test them in the lab

to see if the AI is doing a good job discovering

or postulating protein folding

or these sorts of theories

and to actually run really rapid testing

and experimentation cycles to see

if these proteins are what they're predicted to be.

Okay, so they shouldn't run like 4,000 agents against it

and do a hugging face with proteins, yeah?

No, I mean, I think what they're really doing

is just having experimental proof

that what the software is predicting,

remember, go back to AlphaFold.

AlphaFold was predicting protein structure,

three-dimensional structure of a protein from the DNA sequence that codes for that protein.

And so in order to prove that, you have to basically predict what the structure of a protein

would be from a DNA sequence, make the protein and then look at it and see if it actually

looks like it's supposed to look like. And so in the case of some of the other things that they're doing,

they're trying to discover function. I want to find an enzyme, which is a type of a protein,

that degrades a certain molecule that can be used to degrade, for example, you know, a therapeutic target

or something in the body that we want to get rid of.

And so they'll start to kind of make these predictions and software,

but then you need to test them in the lab to say,

okay, does that target actually do what it does?

Now, there are literally hundreds of labs like this.

These are low-level research labs that are not doing like gain of function research.

They're not making viruses.

They're not making pathogenic things that can escape.

That's why they're BSL-1, DSL-2.

They're bench-top labs where automation can help kind of reduce the cost

and increase the throughput of the testing

of what the software is making predictions around.

And ultimately, the objective here,

I think, is for them to get some proof

that their software is actually doing what it's predicting.

And they have an incredible life sciences function.

I think at this point,

I don't have as much insight on where Gemini's at

with the new models with Google,

but they have the best life sciences models at Anthropic.

And I think this is the fast track

to basically seeing if these models can be used

by therapeutic companies, by pharma companies,

by government labs to help discover new therapeutics and so on.

I don't think that the world should be scared away

from discovery R&D research and development

into new therapeutic modalities as predicted by AI

because we heard the word wet lab in Wuhan

and everyone's like, okay, any lab is bad.

We still want to progress the frontier of therapeutics,

of human health, of discovery,

and this is a really important aspect of anthropic

proving that their models can add value here.

I mean, that's the summary of it.

All right, thank you so much to our friends at Iran.

They were the presenting.

They were the presenting sponsor for this year's All-In-Summoner.

FIFT, I-R-N's AI Cloud Lounge.

It's packed for all three days.

Did a great meet-and-greet with I-R-N on Sunday

and got to take some selfies and met many of you there.

Thanks again to I-R-E-N, one of our great partners,

NIIGN.

Did you catch NIGIN in the Wellness Hub for IVs?

tons of great gifts and supplements being given away. Great experience. Great product. Great job to our friends

at NIGIN for doing the lounge again. NIGN is the official. NAD partner for the all in Pond. Yes.

Nijin bioscience created the NAD category. Now has 45 plus clinical studies and PayPal.

My favorite way to settle up. They had a great lounge on site at the summit where everybody got to

hang out and get those beautiful embossed luggage tags.

they hosted the payments and fintech dinner, which was a huge hit. Let me tell you, folks,

All In Summit, 2027 will sell out again, and the applications are open now. Go to all in.com

slash events and apply for your chance to be in the room where it happens. What are you waiting for,

folks, all in.com slash events. All right. They have a folks. Episode 290. The All In Pod

for David Sack. Fantastic. Polyhapitia and your Sultan of Science Freiburg.

the world's greatest moderator.

We'll see you next time.

Bye, bye.

Bye.

Bye.

Bye.

We'll let your winners.

Rain Man, David Sack.

We'll source it to the fans, and they've just gone crazy with them.

Love you, Ski.

I should all just get a room and just have one big huge origin because they're sexual

tension, but they just need to release them out.

What?

The fee.

We need to get merchies are back.

I'm going to all.