=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - The AI Slowdown Debate | Nico Wittenborn, Scott Keogh, Mitchell Green, David Rosenthal & Ben Gilbert, Faraj Aalaei
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/the-ai-slowdown-debate-nico-wittenborn-scott-keogh-mitchell-green-david-rosenthal-ben-gilbert-faraj-aalaei
Datum: 2026-09-15
Länge: ~173k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

we are live from the TBPN Ultradone the Temple of

dot com time is money save both easy-to-use corporate cards bill pay accounting and a whole lot more

all in one place that's right we're back did anything happen over the weekend in tech or was it

kind of mellow it was a crazy weekend there was a lot of news a lot of back and forth about pacing

the AI debate I was in the hospital because I got rabble

It's brutal, but I am recovering, fortunately.

Explain Rabdo, because it sounds really scary, and it is bad.

It can be very bad.

Fortunately, I did okay.

I got an IV, got some medicine, broke a fever, got through it, and I'm healing up.

But it happens, and it's the dumbest, dumbest illness you can possibly get.

It comes from working out too much and not being hydrated, very avoidable.

Hopefully, AI can find a cure.

If there's even a 1% chance that AI can find a cure,

prevention for RABDO, I think it's worth any amount of risk.

Pushing forward.

Yeah, we must push forward.

No, lots of debate.

It is funny.

We have never missed an episode for being sick.

Yeah.

And I realized that because someone's asking me the other day, what do you guys do when

you're sick?

We just keep going.

I mean, I did talk to the doctor.

I said, do you want a doctor's note for work?

No.

I kind of laughed.

but I do think that

like this job can be done

while sick

because you're just sitting in chair

having a conversation

but I might be a little bit slow today

so bear with me

if I if I'm not the sharpest

on any of the questions

I will be sharp on the ad reads

though I'll tell you about Shopify

Shopify as the commerce platform

which goes to your business lets you sell in seconds

online in store on mobile on social

and on marketplaces and now with AI agents

we got a great show today

we have Nico

Wet and Born from Adjacent.

Legend.

Really incredible episode of Invest Like the Best, I believe it was last year or the year before.

One of the first investors in ORA and a bunch of other great companies.

We got Scott from the CEO of Scout Motors, which we're very excited to talk to.

Mitchell Green, our dear friend from Lead Edge coming in for some hot takes.

And then we have our friends David and Ben from Acquired, rounding it out with Farage.

from Cognit Ship.

Yeah, we're excited for this.

So, great show.

Before we get into the pacing AI debate,

what happened with the U.S. Open?

Give me a little tennis update.

What happened?

It's on the cover of the Wall Street Journal,

so you know what's important news.

Tennis is U.S. Open climaxes and back and forth duel,

but there was something interesting.

So Ben Sheldon, the American, lost.

Okay.

And what was notable is,

hopefully I'm pronouncing his name, right?

Alexander.

It's just pronounced Alexander, I think.

Zev-Rev.

Zev-Rev.

Yes.

But anyways, the most notable thing was that when he actually hit the winning shot and won, he went back and was getting ready for the next point.

Yeah.

And he starts looking around and everyone is, you can see people in the crowd are standing up and cheering.

and he slowly realizes that he won by checking them.

He finally looking at the scoreboard.

And yeah, it just became very obvious that he was so focused on the next point.

He was actually not looking at the scoreboard at all.

It was just like flow state, just playing.

That's awesome.

And I'm sure a lot of venture capitalists out there, we're seeing that.

And they're like, yeah, all that matters is your next investment.

If you shouldn't even know when one of your companies, your seed companies are going to IPO,

you should be so focused on the next.

A lot of people that don't like VC Victory Labs would appreciate that too.

It's like, can we get it?

There was an acquisition.

Let's focus on what you're doing right now.

I also like the cameraman work.

I saw a clip of the scoreboard was counting down.

There was zero, zero seven seconds left.

Who do they cut to?

Pierce Brousin, 007 himself.

I thought that was nice camera work.

Shows you that there's levels to the game of live production.

Yeah.

You know, you got those little touches.

Clearly, that was just spur of the moment.

That's not something that's scripted.

That's just someone being creative in the moment with the tools that they have, the switcher, basically.

Anyway, the pacing AI debate.

I wanted to start with some history here, and then we can go through the timeline of what actually happened since we got off stream Friday.

Then all the news breaks, of course.

But the pacing the frontier goes back to July 28th of this year.

So there was a pacing the frontier statement.

to an open letter.

It was signed by employees and leaders

from OpenAI, Anthropic, Deep Mind, Meta,

and a bunch of other places,

talking about this idea of pacing the frontier.

Then the same day, Sam Altman publicly said,

we may have to pace the rate of AI development.

Two days later, OpenAI tells Axios

that Open AI helped shape the petition's language.

And Altman had discussions,

had discussed pacing with White House officials.

So stuff was having.

happening in DC. This was back in basically the very beginning of August, very end of July.

Then August 18th, OpenAI publishes something called pacing and modeled development in an era of

cybercritical capabilities. Open AI said it actually slowed scaling and paused a major

RL run. There was that two-week training pause that happened on August 31st, Anthropic,

official Anthropic Post explicitly discusses pacing the frontier, so the idea is spreading.

and calls for coordinating pacing mechanisms.

And then on September 12th, which was actually Saturday morning that Dario dropped the essay,

we must pace the frontier, turn the concept into a much bigger public anthropic campaign that everyone's talking about today.

So the rollout of this was pretty, pretty quick.

And there's a few key things from Dario's essay.

It hit the timeline at 7 a.m. Pacific.

He was up early, posting.

Perfect time to get a lot of likes on.

a banger. You've got to feel something.

No, everyone else, there's no

fundraising news happening. Drop your essay

early Saturday morning. Let people digest

it with their morning coffee. Elon was

clearly engaging by 8 a.m.

Elon endorses it. 9.30 a.m.

Sam endorses it. Saturday

4 p.m. Demis generally

agrees with Dario's point

and argues that it needs some work.

Remember, Dario put out something pretty

similar talking about

pacing and AI development

and the need for oversight

generally months ago before transitioning out of his role as CEO of DeepMind and stepping up to,

I think, chairman. Then later, David Sacks on Saturday, but at 8.15 has had time to process

everything. He asks some questions about Darius Post, goes back and forth. Sunday morning,

the Financial Times reports that Donald Trump has rejected calls from tech bosses for an AI

slowdown. Later, that day, Sunday morning, Gavin Baker rounds up the weekend so we can

to go through some of this and go through those posts.

But what actually happened in Dario's essay,

we must pace the frontier.

He has the three-step plan on how he proposes to base the frontier.

Number three will shock you.

Basically.

Number one, give independent third-party evaluators access to AI companies

so they can verify safety practices.

He calls out meter, which drew a lot of attention

because people were debating how independent meter is.

There's some meter employees who have worked.

worked at Open AI, have worked at Anthropic.

There's people that work at Anthropic who worked at Meter.

Like it's all very much a revolving door with these AI safety groups and then the AI

labs.

You go back and forth depending on what you're interested in.

So not as independent as like, oh yeah, we're going with an accounting firm who doesn't

really have an opinion about the like the AI future.

These are all people who are deeply embedded in the discourse, which could be.

be a huge benefit because they take the stuff really seriously could also lead to some what people

flagged as like conflicts potentially. But still some optimism from the community around what that

would look like. Two is Frontier Labs in Democratic companies should work together with the

government's help to establish AI safety standards. And this was the one that people were going

back and forth on. Do the labs actually need government approval from this? Dean Ball,

was talking a little bit about the Sherman Antitrust Act. There are very clear rules about

companies agreeing to do really anything in concert with each other. This is the number one

reason that you don't want monopolies and cartels forming is that if all of a sudden, you know,

oh, you know, American Airlines and Delta and United all say, yeah, we, you know, for safety

reasons, we should have fewer flights. It's like, okay, well, what would that do to the market?

probably drive up their margins because there's less flights, charge more for them, they have fixed costs.

So you could very clearly see that collusion in that market would lead to more profits for them and more harm for the consumer.

That's where the Sherman Antitrust Act came from.

We flagged this a week or two ago that this might, like, even though it seems like, oh, well, if Demis and Dario and Sam and Elon all agree, like, this should just happen.

That's not a problem.

There are actual legal and federal regulatory rules that might need to be adjusted or waived for something like this to happen.

So I think that's why he's calling for that specifically.

He's saying we need an exception to the rules so that we can actually do this because it's great to all write blog posts that we loosely agree on,

but to have anything formal, we need government approval.

And then third, this is the one that will shock you apparently, the U.S. and other democratic countries should try and coordinate with authoritarian governments.

So he wants the US and China to coordinate on AI pacing.

Of course, China still wants to catch up.

And there's some tricks there as like what is the, what will happen in equilibrium if both countries have the exact same capabilities.

Is that the best outcome?

Or do you always want to be in the lead?

If you always want to be in the lead, it's very hard to negotiate with someone and say, oh, well, you know, we'll, why don't you just have half as many nuclear weapons as we have?

And like, that'll be great.

like, we'll pace you. And so you go back to nuclear nonproliferation and all the difficult debates there.

We obviously wound up with a multipolar world with everyone wanting at least some capabilities there.

So Elon shimed in agreeing with Dario. Then Sam and Demas also agreed. The timeline, on the other hand, had some questions and concerns about Darius post.

Who will these third party evaluators be? Why wait for Washington to regulate the frontier?

If Anthropic believes AI is advancing too quickly, why not simply slow down on its own?

David Sacks raised some questions on X, and we can go to David Sacks's post, which I believe here is in the timeline.

He said, Dario has written that we need to, quote, pace the frontier and Sam has agreed.

People may be surprised by my response.

Go ahead.

You guys are the frontier by any reasonable metric, market share, revenue growth, model capability.

The two of you have a duopoly on frontier intelligence.

You've also claimed the lead is widening because of recursive self-improvement.

I don't think what you see – I don't see what you see in the last.

lab, if the unreleased models are scary enough that you think you should slow down,

I support your decision to be responsible.

But stop pretending you need anyone else's permission.

Stop pretending antitrust law has to be suspended so you can form a cartel.

Stop pretending you need a regulatory approval process that supersedes product liability.

Stop pretending meter is independent when it is intertwined with anthropics investors and staff.

Stop pretending that you need those same evaluators to police competitors who aren't even at the frontier.

And so, yeah, maybe that's a little bit of an issue, although, yeah, I mean, the regulatory capture angle is always like, if the safety rules become super cumbersome such that you can't start a instinct like product, right?

It's like instinct is a small team.

They're not building a frontier model.

They're not training their own models, at least not yet, but they're like doing stuff with AI if all of a sudden they have to.

to spend a year negotiating with a bunch of third-party evaluators, have a bunch of people

embedded, and then go through some sort of review process, and the government's not getting back

to them. Like, you can't have a breakout consumer product. And it doesn't feel like

there's been any type of effort from anywhere to try to control or regulate like application layer

companies. And Greg was on odd lots. This episode came out this morning talking about not trying

to, doesn't believe there should be any sort of limits to...

Applicational air stuff?

Yeah, but basically like if you're, if you just want to train a model at home for your own use

cases, you know, there shouldn't be limits on that.

Yeah.

Trump came out yesterday.

He was pretty active over the weekend.

He said the only controller, quote unquote, guardrails that AI needs is a strong and smart

high IQ president and the USA has that in spate.

The Trump

The Trump administration has stopped AI people from doing bad or potentially bad things like Dario.

What are these quotes?

Who is now pretending to be a perfect little angel, and we will continue to do so.

We already have tremendous criminal and regulatory power over these companies.

There is a sick conspiracy going on against AI and data centers, and the only one that is happy about it is China.

Whoever wins AI wins.

leading China and all others and will continue to do so.

Conspiracy theorists, treasonous, traders and leakers, beware.

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

It is funny to accuse the labs of being in a conspiracy against AI.

Yeah, that really, really doesn't follow.

I don't.

Yeah, it does not make sense.

But he also followed up just 40 minutes ago, said, concerning AI, when in the history of business,

capital H, capital B, history of business.

Did anyone see the leaders of an industry call for regulation that have strongly implemented

would drive them into oblivion and bankruptcy?

AI is taking over the world, destroying humanity, and all other things bad is a hoax.

No different from Russia, Russia, Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine,

impeachment, hoax one, impeachment hoax two, and all the other hoaxes and scams that America

was forced to endure.

President Xi of China just announced that China will be doing absolutely nothing.

to stand in the way of AI or its future. Google has recently stated that they want to build a

massive plant in Finland, all because they are finding permitting too difficult in the United

States. I'm not happy about this and want them to change their thinking. AI and data centers

will be the greatest economic development engine in history. Bigger than oil, gold, diamonds, or even the internet.

Bigger than diamonds. Like,

Of all the technology.

The internet.

The internet.

The transistor.

Oil.

The internet.

The wheel.

Diamonds.

These are equivalent things.

It will not be stopped by brilliantly run destructive forces during the term of president.

Donald Trump.

Okay.

Well.

Anyways.

I'm wondering what the, so a bunch of hedge funds are penned.

you know, they paid to get access to this, let's assume like a minute early, something like that.

How did they trade this? Because it's very...

Long to beers.

Yeah, maybe.

Long diamonds.

Yeah, maybe diamonds are underappreciated.

I think diamonds are actually in a really rough spot.

I think people are moving to lab grown stuff really aggressively.

So it's actually a tough, tough period of time for the diamonds.

And I'm sure the diamond industry is calling for regulation for sure.

Okay. Where were we?

Interesting. I don't know.

We were talking about David Sacks.

We were talking about David Sacks. We were talking about...

We got to keep going because the president was on a roll this weekend.

Let's pull up this video.

Okay.

Oh, yeah, they asked him how he used AI.

Want to change the world.

Raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

The IPO window is still wide open.

AI market a little bit down, but overall handling things pretty well.

We take it a lot of their cars, car tariffs.

This week, again, there's been so much concern about AI.

Have you heard directly from any of these AI tech leaders?

And you seem to downplay some of the concerns that we heard.

But it's going to be more good than bad, but by a lot.

And I've said it from any of them.

Whoever wins AI and we're leading by a lot.

Whoever wins, AI wins.

Have you ever used it yourself or have you been...

How do you use AI?

But I would say, you know, for the most...

You can use AI for a lot of things.

What do you use it?

Speaking of AI.

The funny thing is that, is that, like, there's AI-generated slop on his social,

true social account, like, constantly.

Like, the slop videos are obviously AI.

Like, both sides of that debate or that discussion should have known that, I guess.

But I guess it's, like, people on his team.

team are creating like the AI slop videos.

Because like there will be like a new vibe coded like, like, you know, some sort of simulator

that they put up on White House stuff all the time.

But I guess that's not him.

It's probably people on his team that are like, I made this AI video.

Yeah.

But I don't know.

Gavin Baker had a round up of what happened.

Let's go through what's going on.

And lots of people just sort of like processing this going back and forth.

People were expecting Elon to be sort of against this, maybe anti-Dario.

He of course came out in favor and has been talking about how he was working with Nick

Bostrum in 2014 on AI safety, has been very concerned about this the whole time.

Although at various points in time, Elon has been less of a doomer and more like we got

to build, we got to go, we got to, we got to actually compete here, working both alongside

labs, co-founding Open AI, founding XAI, growing the model capabilities there.

But he's like firmly in favor of this.

So let's see what Gavin Baker had to say.

He said, wow, 24 hours for AI and lots of different proposals have been made.

TLDR, the only tangible new fact is that Open AI in Anthropic are going to have embedded third-party evaluators from unknown organizations with Dario floating meter as a possibility.

Having third-party evaluators is smart as there's no Section 230-style liability shield for model outputs and showing a duty of care.

will be important in future litigation.

Several internet companies might have gone bankrupt without Section 230,

so limiting liability really matters.

I think there are minimal investment implications from this single new fact,

but I do think that anyone who wants, quote,

a smoother for a longer cycle than most constraints are good,

wafers, watts, real rates, and spreads.

I was thinking about how a lot of the safety folks are worried about

just the capability build out from the semiconductor supply.

chain, like they would like to restrict the amount of chips that are created. And I'm wondering if,

should we not be pacing electricity generation? Does everyone agree that we should be building more

solar, thermal, wind power right now? Is that uncontroversial? Is there anyone who says, like,

no, we shouldn't be doing that? Because if we wind up in a world where you're pacing frontier

AI development, current models are sort of diffusing and there's some economic impact there,

but you're not blitz-scaling the data centers

and the frontier intelligence.

Can you apply some of that capital,

some of that human talent to just getting nuclear power online,

getting solar power online,

re-industrializing the American energy supply chain,

battery, relieving grid tension,

because everyone who complains about higher energy prices

would be happy with that.

I don't think the AI safety folks would be upset about that

because you could use it for a lot of things.

Worst case, it's like, okay, you wound up with like,

okay, we can never build, you know, AGI or ASI because it's too dangerous.

At least we have a lot of cheap energy.

Is there any reason why you would want to pace the build out of the American electrical grid?

I can't see why.

What do you think?

I mean, at some level, like, yeah, it makes sense because it is like an input.

But it seems like way too diffuse.

Yeah.

Because, like, yeah, it's like if you build a lot of shit,

chips, like sure you can like, you know, make more data centers that run YouTube or whatever.

But like there's kind of a narrow use case for chips.

Yeah.

Where power you can kind of do whatever.

I wonder if you, yeah, yeah, at what point is there, is there some sort of like AI safety valve that's like,

we need to regulate that company in South Korea that makes toilets that also makes films for

semiconductors?

Because we can restrict them, then we can slow down the pace of AI progress going really, really

deep in the supply chain for safety reasons, potentially.

To summarize the events, Gavin Baker says,

Dario made the most maximalist proposal of the weekend,

embedded third-party evaluators,

national regulatory regime for models beyond a certain capability,

ingredient threshold,

a broad international regulatory pact between democracies,

stricter limits on compute distillation for China,

and then a different international regulatory regime

that encompasses China.

Before there is ever a national regulatory regime,

He wants a Sherman Act waiver so that Anthropic can safely coordinate with Open AI and other frontier labs without antitrust fears.

To be frank, this latest proposal is much less maximalist than some of his prior proposals, like policy on the AI exponential, where he advocated for an FAA for AI.

Now people are talking about FINRA for AI, which is more non-governmental regulation, but industry focused.

I believe he is sincere in his beliefs.

and despite all the protestations, all of this would also probably be good for his business over the long term.

Yeah, there's a lot of tricks here where people, where something, if there are multiple quadrants of like actions you can take and it's like, it's either good or bad for your business or it's good or bad for safety, you can land in the good for your business and good for safety quadrant.

And everyone will accuse you of being cynical and doing it only.

because it's good for your business.

And so it gets really difficult to say,

okay, yes, like the thing that I'm advocating for

is good for my business.

Now, Rune had another take,

which is like, no, if you're pacing the frontier,

that's going to compress margins

because everyone else is just going to catch up

and it's going to become more oligopolistic.

So if you hold, you know, like,

yeah, there's this duopoly right now

for the true frontier amongst open AI and anthropic,

but if you hold that constant,

like watermelon from MSL is going to catch up,

deep mine's going to catch up,

Like, you're going to have three or four GROC is going to train to that level.

And so you're going to have four, five, six, seven really capable competitors.

What was interesting is, like, R. Karazian was saying that AI spend declined a little bit in August.

And that was mostly because of price cutting.

It wasn't actually people using less AI.

So it's not like people are pulling back on their use of AI.

But there's more price competition.

So Open AI is discounting.

And people are being, we saw.

like the fable adoption was a little weak, and a lot of it's like, hey, are we sure we want to use the million dollar model for checking the weather?

Like, let's be a little bit more judicious about this.

And so if you wind up with a world where there's much more price competition, that could compress the frontier's margins, which is not good for business.

So it doesn't really put you in that top quadrant that you have to be so cynical about.

The interesting thing is that he said that he doesn't think that it's open source Chinese models that are actually putting pricing pressure on the frontier.

It's more of the duopoly dynamic.

And I think that's because I think he sort of alluded to this that there's just a lot of companies that are like,

I am comfortable doing business with an open AI, an anthropic, a Google, of course, something that's on ABS, something that's on Azure.

Yes, I could just download the weights for deep seek, but I'm not really.

really comfortable with that. I don't really want to deal with that. I don't want to deal with

the scaling and uptime of that. And so, yes, there are APIs out there that are reasonable,

but none of them are as mature as the frontier labs, not in terms of the intelligence, but in terms

of the actual, if I implement this in my business, will it reliably give me the right results? Is there

high quality SLA? Will the service stay up? Will uptime be good, et cetera? So there's,

there is a world where you could get to a place where this is bad for.

for the frontier companies business-wise.

And Sam has talked about that in an interview with Fortune

saying, like, if it's bad for our business,

like we have said to our investors at every step

for like a decade that like, this is kind of a nonprofit.

This is a, this is a, you know,

there are a whole bunch of different ways

in which this is not purely aligned to shareholder interests

like other companies.

I forget the actual term for the structures

that both Anthropic and OpenHAC use, PBC's, yeah, public benefit corporations.

So they, so there, so, so, so, so I think both Sam and Dario feel very confident about being

able to go to their investors and say, hey, we're doing something that's going to slow down

revenue growth or tank margins or, you know, just reduce the market cap of the company,

but we think it's the right thing to do.

So deal with it.

And you can't really sue us because you invested in the PBC.

And, uh, but no one.

really giving them credit for that. Everyone thinks like, no, this is cynically what gets them to 10 trillion. This is what gets them to 10 trillion. And I don't know, maybe, maybe it is. But, but it definitely seems like the, if we're on the mid curve, you know, bell curve meme, like the dumb guy thing is like slowing down is bad for business, right? Like the mid curve is like slowing down is like slowing down is actually good for business and the 4D chess and like do it. You don't want to be the best and have 100% market share.

You want 20% market share because you let everyone catch up to you.

I'm not super convinced of that, but there's plenty of people that are making that case online.

Cisco, critical infrastructure for the AI era, unlock seamless, real-time experiences, and new value with Cisco.

Nico, welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for taking the time.

Come on down to the TPPN Ultridon.

Hello.

Oh, hello.

What's happening?

I thought it almost looked like some merch we would make.

I know, I was trying to match the colors.

Yeah, you did it.

Right in.

Background.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Introduce yourself.

Give us a, let's, let's begin at the beginning.

I want to hear the story of how you wound up in your current role, your mission,

and then there's a million things we can talk about the market and your strategy.

But take us back to the beginning.

Where'd you grow up?

The beginning?

Yeah.

I grew up in Germany.

Okay.

Yeah.

South of Germany, small town, Tübingen.

Beautiful.

So it was not destroyed in the war.

And Germany is in Europe, right?

It is, yeah, just a bit east of the U.S.

Yeah, okay, got it.

My geography outside of the United States is, Rosh.

I can have you.

Thank you.

When did you come to the U.S.?

So I ended up doing an exchange here in upstate New York.

So at my junior year of high school, I ended up in a super small town,

three and a half hours north of New York.

Cool.

And so that's when I first got to New York.

And I was like, I want to live.

here. And so I started looking for ways to get back.

That's got to be like going, going from small town in Germany, passing through New York

City and going three hours north, it's got to be like such a trip.

It's true.

Because they're obviously, you know, entirely, you're like, I'm going to New York.

And then you have this idea of New York in your mind.

And then you end up again back in tiny town.

So I opened a letter from the organization that places you.

Yeah.

And it's like, you're going to New York.

Kandor, New York.

Like, where's Canada, New York?

You look it up.

Never heard of that for a...

It's small.

But it was a great experience.

And so the interesting part to that, though, is that...

So I was in the middle of nowhere in the U.S.

And then I also got to go to the middle of everything in the U.S.

And so I had a really good exposure to both sides of the U.S.,

the kind of elitist, coastal, urban life, and also the, you know, small town living.

So that was the first time I came here.

Then I went back.

I did an internship here after...

school in New York and then studied in Germany, Singapore.

And during my studies, I started selling refurbished iPhones.

So the iPhones first came out in like 2007, 8, and they were locked into a contract in

Germany was super expensive.

So I bought a refurbished one and I started reselling them.

Okay.

Was that like jailbreaking them or unlocking them?

Yeah, there was a tool called Red Snow.

Okay, yeah.

Yeah, and they could use on any carrier.

Yes.

Got it.

in the beginning. And it locked into like a two-year contract. It was very expensive.

So that's what that's my first. I remember all the names of like software like that like red snow.

It sounds so, sounds so sketchy. But it was like the names of all that kind of like unlocking,

jailbreaking, all those names were. Yeah, that was a pineapple one. Yeah. Yeah. So that was my first

like far away into, yeah, business. But like, you know, yeah, small internet entrepreneurship. And then I

read about a group in Berlin that was really the pioneers of the German internet scene at the time. So everything happened a bit later in Europe, right? And so in like 2010 came across this firm in Berlin. I just reached out to them cold. It was an incubator. So back in the day, they were building companies. And then they had a small six million euro fund on the side. And so they were like, why don't you come during your studies and work with us on this like small investment fund?

It must have been a good cold email. I mean, it was, I don't, I don't even remember.

It was actually I had, so it was important though because I had an offer from a consulting firm that would have paid twice as much.

Yeah.

But I opted for the, you know, opportunity to go into startups because that was where my interest was.

And that led to this.

You know, so it was really an important decision back then.

And they gave me a shot.

I learned about venture.

I then finished my studies.

And when I came back from Singapore, which was also kind of an exchange, I ended up doing a,

again sending an email to the same group this guy Pavel and who was working there and he offered me to come back because they decided to spin out the fund and it became point nine which was the first institutional venture fund in Germany as not in Berlin it was another one in Munich and so I started working that straight out of school so I just got lucky that like at the time venture was not what it was it was just the start of the European venture ecosystem yeah and so I kind of fell into that and then it was a super small first

It's also historically the best performing early stage firm in Europe.

So they did super well early on and I got a lot of responsibility.

I was there for five years and they were originally focused on enterprise software,

so SaaS tools.

They were early in Zendesk and Loom later on here in the US.

Really?

So it wasn't just limited to Europe.

You were investing all over.

So we called it remote VC.

So it's kind of we were based there but we're trying to look for the best things across

the globe that had, you know, that were fitting our thesis.

And then I was recruited by Insight, partners.

In 2016, I left to join Insight.

That's when I moved to New York.

That's a grind.

10 years ago.

It was very different than the small, humble.

It's like a hardcore culture, right?

For venture, it's like, you've got to be working a lot.

It is, it's just, you know, the way it works is that they built, they innovated this.

So the founder of Inside, Jeff Horring, started the firm, and he was 206.

$20 million fund.

It's now $100 billion and he's still running it.

No, he's a legend.

And he ended up innovating on this

outbound sourcing model.

So they have analysts that are just cold calling.

It was literally the phone in the beginning.

Now it's emails and everything.

Sort of a price for every company in mind.

Yeah, and discover every company.

Yeah, they want to know every company.

Exactly.

Discover every company.

Very interesting model.

Yeah, it makes sense.

And it still works.

Yeah, totally.

So they scaled that and they're better on the same and on the right trend.

So I was there and so I had learned that at point nine.

I had done some SaaS and I did that too,

but I was always because of this iPhone story,

interested in consumer software,

I was there when the app store launched.

And so some of my investments at both 0.9

and at Inside were consumer mobile investments.

And so I decided to leave inside.

I signed the separation.

It was 2018 that we agreed on everything.

Early 2019 I left.

And then I started working on a J-CIC.

And I guess what's somewhat unique at the time is that back then it was not normal to do it by yourself.

You know, like that solo GP was not a thing.

Yeah.

And I didn't opt in to be.

Two years later it was like the main, like it was the main thing that people were talking about.

Yeah.

And today, I think last year, the majority of new funds were Solo GP funds.

So it became a real thing.

And in fact, that's also one of the things that I try to support now by, I.

I have invested in a lot of those funds, 2000s or so,

and also anchored a first solo GP fund now with a JSON.

So I kind of accidentally fell into this,

started adjacent, but then also trying to build

this kind of rebel alliance.

What was the infrastructure like when you started

as a solo GP in, it was 2018, 2019?

19.

Because there were some people that were using Angel List

for certain SPVs and there were rolling funds.

And there were some tools that you could use,

but did fractional,

back offices exist or did you sort of have to roll your own solutions to certain things?

Like, yeah, what was actually required?

So it just started that Angelus were offering services, Carter, starting as well.

Yeah.

The big difference there was that I was actually, you know, looking at what makes sense for the

structure.

I knew I wanted to be in New York, but I also was looking at European structures and the infrastructure

in Europe was way behind the US.

So I opted of doing it in the US and I didn't go for the services.

And the reason for that was mostly that I didn't feel like they were institutional grade yet.

Because I wanted to have institutional investors.

And there was like limited flexibility.

I think that all changed now, which makes it much easier to start.

But at the time, it just started.

So basically just like, yeah, just hiring law firms and accounting firms.

Like you're a bigger firm.

You have a fund admin, which is easy.

Then you have, you have audit as a firm, separate firm.

And then you now, I mean, now really what supercharges is.

AI now. Because you can do so much more. You can automate things, you have agents, but also

research, like diligence and sourcing. Yeah, I was going to ask how, at what point does,

does, like, insights initial strategy just become fully democratized where, like, there's out of the

box. Obviously, if you're doing this yourself, you're always going to be able to find different

edges and things like that, but it feels like you might have access to, like, a comparable level

of understanding of the market with like one person?

Yeah, I'm not sure.

I think that certainly it gets easier,

but what they're really good at is discovering things

when it's still relatively unknown, right?

So like from the outside, you don't know

what a stealth or new company is doing.

Once there's signal and press and more data,

then the AI picks it up.

Yeah.

But I think this broad sourcing still makes sense.

And then the other important aspect to it,

which actually works for me too,

but is that the analysts are not just sourcing,

they're also relationship building.

So they're reaching out to someone

and you still want to human-to-human interaction

with a founder because they don't want to work

with a computer, not yet at least.

And so you have this relationship

and you stay in touch with them

over two, three years, and then you invest.

And I think that will still work for them.

What was the LP strategy

for actually raising the initial fund?

So, yeah.

Straight shots of endowments,

fund funds, high net worth individuals.

What were you thinking?

What worked?

So the first close was hard.

The whole fundraise was harder.

It was 18 months to get the first fund off.

And what made it harder was COVID started at the same time.

And my now wife got pregnant with our first kid.

So it was just like it was an intense 18 months.

But what I did is essentially the first close,

I started and going back to the founders that I had invested in

that had already proven and made money.

So the founder of Revolut, Nick, was one of my.

my first LPs, the founders of Calm, which we had invested in with Insight, and then a bunch

of GPs that the founders of point nine where I started working, Jeff Horring related invested

as well.

And then I had friendly, friendly funds like Thrive and Founders Fund that actually helped me

with the first fund.

That's great.

And so that was the first close.

And then the first family office came in, which was SES to give them credit.

They were also very early in both Thrive and Founders Fund.

That's how the relationship started.

And then based on the first $10 million first close, I just started investing.

And the second investment I did was Speechify, which ended up doing very well.

I love Speechify.

Cliff is a character.

He's amazing.

Yeah.

And so with some proof that I could also function by myself, I then went to the institutions

and then was able to get a $40 million first fund together.

Sure.

And then since then I've been pretty consistently increasing it.

So I just started investing out of fund four now in this year.

But I've been like kind of pacing it in some ways before it was cool in the growth from like one, two, three, four adding roughly one LP per fund.

Sure.

Nice.

And that has, I mean, gotten somewhat easier because there's more proof.

We just had Benning Spoon's Go puppet.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Talk about that.

How did that initial investment come together?

And was that always, did that always feel like on, you're more thesis driven than most

VCs, I would say in general, like a lot of, like VCs will say they're thesis driven,

but they have like eight active, you know, thesis.

I thought the thesis was by low, sell high.

That's, that one always works.

That's a good thing.

Well, I don't know.

If you're in San Francisco today, that's not what they do.

My high sell.

Benning Spoon spice for 10% of the peak market.

Who knows where we end up here.

But yeah, how did that initially come together and like what did you see?

Yeah.

So the, when I started Jason, and the thesis has also evolved since then.

We can talk about that more, what led to other investments.

But initially I, so in 2019, 2020, then the COVID time, if you remember, there was this

crazy SaaS explosion, right?

Multiple went up, everybody went crazy.

Never going back to the office.

No, it's all cloud.

cloud, right? And crypto, actually. So those were the two things. So all the new funds were

doing the same. And because I had success in consumer, I ended up deciding to start a fund

initially focused on consumer and especially consumer subscription companies. And that was just

essentially a transfer from the SaaS and then seeing the app store and subscription launch on

the app store and being close to some of the first investments that did well there. So I was

quite differentiated in that. So the first fund and the second fund to the most degree were very

focused on consumer subscription. There's one problem though with these consumer

subscription companies, I mean there's advantages, disadvantages, but one of the

problems as opposed to SaaS is that they're much more churny, right? So at one

point, depending on how deep the market is, you'll hit a ceiling, right? And this can be

at millions, tens of millions, hundreds of millions. But if you still want to, if you want

to go for big outcomes, you still need to grow at a really high clip at hundreds of billions

of revenue, right? And ChachyPT to some extent has done that, right? In the beginning, 75% of

their revenue was prosumer, consumer.

So the thesis was good, but I'm not an open AI,

which sucks.

But it was just a different game, and I ended up picking the right trend,

but also wanting to have a little bit of like a hedge against it in some ways,

because you could see that these companies kind of get to revenue relatively quickly,

pretty cash efficient.

They need much less people and OPEX and distribution costs than a SaaS company in terms of head count.

And so they were like tens of millions or hundreds of millions, but very profitable.

So we already had this thesis of like there's actually a really big play here to aggregate companies.

And because if you can synergies.

Yeah.

And I was actually, I had an investment in a company called Blinkist, which back in the day, I don't know if you remember.

Yeah.

Short books.

Yes, exactly.

Yeah.

Which was very innovative at the time.

And subscription base.

This was one of our inside investments.

And I knew these guys from Berlin since point nine times.

And so one of the founders, Nicholas, actually came as an entrepreneur in residence to Jason Forward.

while and we were thinking about incubating a company that did this and then I was on a webinar with

Luca in 2020 and I was like I think we should just do that he's amazing and he was already like

doing it and this was pre-chat TPT and then I think AI also helped them a lot in actually building the

synergies and the transformation engine that actually then makes well it also helps them by you know knocking

90% off of the market yes market caps so there's other company always some

luck involved in that.

Yeah.

So that led to Benning Spoons.

And then when did you actually, when did you do ORA?

So I heard you say this in the beginning.

I just want to make sure that I'm, I did invest in ORA, but this was around the time of

the first close.

Yeah.

So I couldn't, I didn't have a fund yet.

And it was around that was like, I don't know if I should even do that with the first

$10 million first close.

Yeah.

And so I ended up investing personally with a group of friends in an SPV.

It was actually the, and the friends of mine that I did the, I did the,

with is the team that I was leading at Insight.

And they left, also started a fund called Left Lane.

This guy, Harley Miller.

Yeah.

So we did it together.

Cool.

Back then, yeah.

What was the initial portfolio construction thesis for that $10 million fund?

Well, one last thing on ORA is just interesting.

I think also that, so the reason we understood Aura back then, even though it was a hardware

device then with no subscription, was that we had done calm and calm had inflicted.

by launching sleep stories.

So a lot of the growth actually came from people

not wanting to meditate, but needing to calm down

before sleeping. Because sleeping was such a big

problem. It still is to a large extent,

right, in the Western world. It's like the foundation

of your health and psyche and everything.

And so we did all right, and then

we were pitching also the move to

subscription. And hardware and subscription work

and that then also to this hardware subscription thesis

which led to board, backbone,

tract of a company. We sold also this year.

So that was that...

What is that company?

attractive yeah attractive was the it is probably the biggest exit in

Austria ever so it's a small small town in Austria and they built a tracking

device for pets oh okay so you put it on the color so aura for pets in it some

but plus location so if you're in a remote area you know where your dog is you

can like call them back and you see them on the map you see how they move how

they sleep and things like that yeah it's cool and actually who bought it Benning

Spoons no way yeah it's like fun one fun yeah nice yeah and

It's great you're monetizing both sides.

Yeah.

Yeah, this is a lot.

Yeah.

Because your pet doesn't come to you and say, hey, I want, I want to churn from this dog food, you know.

Exactly.

But so.

No, this is, but this is like literally.

Blue Apron, you know, Blue Apron was like a subscription food company.

And eventually people would just be like, I want to try something different.

Like I'm just sick of this.

That's why farmers dogs works.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.

And attractive to the same because actually the average subscription was years.

Yeah, exactly.

By purchasing it.

Yeah.

Whereas people might even take off a Fitbit or something,

be like, I'm out of this fat, I'm onto the womb,

I'm on the, and move around a little bit more.

So it's hard to get spooky.

The thesis has expanded, but I want to get your updated

kind of point of view on consumer right now.

I feel like a year ago, people were really pounding the table

being like, now is the time for consumer AI.

And yet if you look at the iPhone charts,

it's been that still like,

the time of language models, right? So like most of the new apps that maybe weren't in there

five years ago are various chat apps. And then the other sort of popular apps that you're

seeing are like short AI drama, slop stories, which is consumer.

Which is, yeah, which is consumer, but maybe not the explosion of different types of applications

that I think a lot of people expected.

Yes.

And I think part of that, my point of view is like the chat apps can just do so much.

Like there's so much you can maybe, maybe the example I use that's not super relatable

for most people is like checking the surf.

Like if I want to get an understanding of like swell and tide and all these things,

I actually don't need a net new app for that.

I don't need like the AI for checking the surf app.

I just need like chat GPT or whatever.

someone's preferred LLM.

So how are you thinking about the overall landscape,

especially right now because you have a new horse race

with instinct and muse?

So it feels like we didn't have the end of history

with consumer yet.

Yeah, I mean, it's, it is definitely true

that the world changed after Tad GPD.

So like 21 Lounge and then the coding help.

It's actually so one interesting trend

is that the number of new apps,

apps. One of the other proxy investments I did with Fund One is the company called Revenue

Cat, which is powering 60% of the new launched apps with their subscriptions today. And

through that we can see it's just like an immense increase in new apps that are being launched.

So for venture, for me, I actually had to move on somewhat from consumer at the time. I think

there will be new applications in Consumer Plus AI. And I'll talk to that. But it definitely

decreased the barrier for new things significantly. So the ceiling, if you think it

Just like theoretically, the competition increases significantly because so many more new apps.

So getting to a venture scale outcome is even more even harder, right?

So even though we have more niches served, the venture outcomes are more difficult.

So I think that like if it's very simple, it doesn't make sense.

And there is consumer things like I invested in popcorn, which is a next gen telco.

So they're building their own core infrastructure for telco.

They have an e-sim.

You download an app.

You get the international number.

But also they have AI features integrated.

so you can use a call assistant and stuff like that.

So I think if the technology goes deeper, more differentiated.

Never put a phone call through to me ever.

No.

I have an assistant, Jenny, that screens everything.

Instead of voicemail, she picks up and what is this about?

What is this about?

Yeah, and if it makes sense.

Better have a good reason.

Because I'm not putting you through.

I get so many spam calls.

My phone's always that do not disturb.

I don't have.

So the most annoying thing to me is someone calls you.

but they don't leave a voicemail.

I don't really want a voicemail,

but if I get a call that I'm not expecting

and then there's nothing,

I'm just kind of wondering there.

But I don't want to pick up the phone.

I don't want to take a random call,

but I also...

Do you remember those scamp calls that you'd get

where it would play the Chinese music in the background

and then you'd hear Chinese, like,

pitch for something,

and it was like a scam call?

But they specifically put, like,

Chinese music in the background.

You ever got those?

No.

No.

Where did you sign up?

My phone convert goes everywhere.

because I've like started businesses and my phone numbers leaked all the time.

Yes.

Through like customer service and stuff.

So I always have gotten like the weirdest spam calls ever.

But that was a fun one.

Yeah.

So I have now one good number that's my spam number.

Yeah.

That I use on the internet for two-fitts notification.

And then I have my popcorn number, which nobody has except real people.

That's good.

You need that for sure.

Anyways, I do think there's a new era coming.

Yeah.

Which instinct, I mean, there's just like a lot of instinct palsy.

Like there's companies that are now doing things that are prosumer.

consumer, there are personal agents.

And I think I do expect that there will be a lot of things that work there, but also

it's very difficult today to understand what of that will be eaten by the labs, right?

So how vertical can it be?

And then also you have meta playing for it, right?

Like the problem, essentially it's just, it's so crowded and so many big companies

are playing for that, that for me that wants to go in early and not at $500 million or a billion

dollar valuation, it's very difficult for me to play there right now, you know?

And there's also like plenty of scaled unicorn decicorn companies with founders who are live players, maybe reengaged.

And they are monitoring the model releases on a daily basis and saying, I'm going to implement this on day one, have a team that's sprinting to implement this feature so that there's not an opportunity for my SaaS company plus AI getting funded.

Because I'm doing it, you know, on day one.

Yeah.

And I think like Muse is a great example of that, right?

like I think the speed at which Meta moved on this personal agent trend and launched Mews.

It's still unclear to me that what, uh, when they actually started working on Mews.

Because it feels like, I mean, I'm, I'm sure they tried to buy instinct, but that doesn't

necessarily mean they weren't working on some of a personal agent before.

Like, yeah.

Like, Nat Breeden's been there for almost a year, maybe more.

And, but, but the level to which Alex has just been like taking direct shots at instinct all

the time on the timeline. Does he have a nickname for it? What? Does he have a, oh yeah,

insect? I wasn't sure if that was a typo or intentional. But it, but it rare to see a

trillion-dollar company like heckling and while cloning a like a startup that's 11 months old.

Yeah, they didn't really do that with TikTok or Snapchat. They were pretty quiet. They were just

like, we're excited to launch stories. We're not going to say anything about. Well, yeah, no, in that

case it was like Evan would be kind of like taking little shots. Yeah, yeah.

And that's what you'd expect, right?

You're like the...

Totally.

The underdog takes a shot.

But this time you're...

Pruillian dollar...

Punching down.

Yeah.

Yeah.

But that's the reason why the stock market has been driven by a lot of these companies

are just still compounding.

Yeah.

Same with alphabet.

Right?

It's like, it's just, it's been hard for VC to actually like benchmark themselves because

the markets are so great because all the tech companies are just doing amazing things.

How are you thinking of investing in your...

Europe considering that there was some proposal I just saw that was saying like Europe

basically needs to spend hundreds of billions of euros to try to sort of quote unquote catch

up in AI.

I have a buddy from Austria and I was, he's working for an American company right now, but

I was like, what are you doing not just like starting like a neocloud right now?

I was like, I know people in the US that are dumb as rocks and they're going to be, they're

going to be billionaires because like they just like picked a hard problem with an exceptional

amount of demand and I've just been working on it for years and I feel like you're up slagging

a little bit if you just roll up your sleeves fine rocks you can do this thing no no the point

the point was like you seem like very very smart and capable and and like if you just focus on

figuring out how to get you know a powered shell and some chips you're probably going to be able to

figure out some some demand but how are you

how are you thinking about?

Well, I look, in my career, Europe has been super important.

Revolut, Bending Spoons, Aura, right?

Those are companies that are really important.

But also, they oftentimes were in the category

that was not yet very hot in the US.

Sure.

And also, if like, it's not easy.

I mean, it is true that Europe, we have not done enough

to support innovation.

And this is everything from regulation to the bureaucracy

and, like, labor laws.

Like, there's a lot of problems that, like,

startups are tied into the same regimes

as big established companies, so that doesn't allow us to move as fast, right? And that's a problem.

I hope that changes. But I do think Europe has amazing talent, and Europe has also the ability

to build new things. AI completely missed it, probably as a consequence of having already

not done as well in software and the infrastructure built out that's required to actually do it as

well. I mean, just pattern matching on the last cycle, it seems important that Europe never got

European Facebook, but Europe did get Spotify, which was built on top of Facebook and benefited

from the Facebook networking algorithm. But it wasn't a direct clone. And when I see these things where

it's like Europe needs its own LLM, I'm not entirely sure about that. I'm not entirely sure. Like if you're

going to do China and you're going to do firewall, then you get the Chinese Google, the Chinese

Facebook. Europe hasn't gone far enough to actually, you know, truly create a, you know, truly create a

an area where you could have a European Google and make it so hard for Google that they get kicked out and then European Google wins.

But you can go and do a Spotify, which is an actually new idea, wins and is not directly competitive.

Actually very compatible with Facebook.

They were, you know, obviously a lot of investors in common and stuff.

Yeah, I think it's very hard to catch up in AI.

Hopefully we will to some extent.

But there's also like energy and defense.

We had dependencies for too long.

Yeah, for some of those like Helsing and stuff, you can see that being a clear line.

But when it comes to just like global innovation, like running your own race seems to make a ton of sense.

It should be differentiated into their own strengths.

Yes, exactly.

And so, and I think that we'll keep going.

And we started later, right?

Like there's still like we have to Spotify soon.

We have a revolution.

But like those companies, it takes some time to trickle down.

And so it's important that like Benning Spoon says we're an Italian company.

We're listed in the U.S. because that's where the markets are.

right, and we acquire companies in the US, but like we're an Italian company, right?

And like, I think those like that ecosystem, the same with Daniel Eck, he's doing a lot to now with

new material to like support companies, Helsing and Nico and stuff in Europe.

And I think that it's just like hopefully with time that also works.

Do you spend me time in Estonia, or a place of Skype?

I, well, he, yeah, so I don't.

I have one company that is actually a Ukrainian defense company.

and they're based there.

So it's become a bit of a defense hub in Estonia for that.

But I think the original founder of Khazah has built up.

He was one of the first investors in Atropic back then and stuff.

So there's like also there is a lot going on there.

It's just like not one of my core geographies so far.

What do you think about the disconnect between what bending spoons will currently pay

for a software business and what VCs will pay to invest in a potentially

future Bending Spoons portfolio company.

I mean, I would not be surprised if Bending Spons buys a lot of the high pay

companies for the same price.

I've been, yeah, yeah.

No, I feel very, very strongly that that will happen.

Even though the companies have great teams, they're growing revenues super quickly, but

it's just extremely notable that when you look at some of these software businesses and

you look at, I see, you know, in some of these acquisitions, you can imagine that bending

spoons was like the real only serious, like, bidder for some of these companies. And so they

get to set their price. And so two things need to happen. One, bending spoons thesis plays out.

And people sort of globally realize, hey, we should have been, like, more comfortable with the

risk associated with this. Buying a software company at, like, three times revenue is, like,

kind of could be stealing it. So if their thesis plays out, they're,

becomes more buyers like bending spoons, right?

Because there's plenty of capital.

Yeah.

That could help prices come up.

But the alternative, you know, it feels like the most likely scenario is like we get

these companies today where I look at them and you'll have a company, you know, $100 million

of revenue trading it at in the billions and you just see like this company is, you know,

how many more of these sort of like hype.

Yeah.

I mean, like since VC works in a way that it's very.

FOMO driven,

formo driven, consensus driven,

everybody thinks everything is going to be very big.

And then we have these hype cycles where I'm not saying AI is a hype.

Obviously, the technology is super powerful and it will change the world, is changing the world.

But with that always comes a lot of money chasing things that do not turn out, right?

Most of the venture bets do not turn out.

And they are orphaned at one point, right?

The founders move on, the VC moves on, people just want to have some money back to invest into the next hot thing.

hot thing. Right? And that's what the core inside is that's driving a success of a company

like Benning Spoons. Yeah. It'll be interesting. Yes. But it, but it's notable that like

it's not like there were the wave of Bending Spoons, big high profile acquisitions was like

five years ago and now we're doing it again. It's like all these things are getting priced

now. While we're doing it all again in the same present moment and it's like repeats,

the cycle's repeat. It's repeating in real time. Yeah. Why?

What brought you to LA?

Well, okay, last question here.

No, I'm happy to keep on.

No, I wish we had more time.

No, I know.

I'm here.

So one of the first breaking away from the thesis

was a company called Inversion Space

that is here in LA.

They're doing hypersonic delivery from space.

So they partnered with Underreal on the Golden Dome.

They just did a contract with NASA also,

so I'm here to see them.

And then one of the funds that I like a lot,

in San Francisco, Cantos.

Ian, you had Ian on.

Yeah, yeah.

So I'm a small LP there,

and he's hosting an event on Wednesday,

so I'm there for that.

Great.

That's great.

Awesome.

Well, thank you so much for coming on.

We'll talk to you soon.

Railway is the all-in-one

intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agency to deploy

web app, service databases and more,

while Railway automatically takes care of scaling,

monitoring, and security.

Scott, thank you so much for taking the time

to come on down to the TBPN Ultradome.

I would love to start with an introduction on yourself, but also just the story of Scout Motors.

It's a fascinating company.

It goes back decades, if I'm not misinformed.

To the 60s, yeah.

Tell me the story, yeah, of both the company and how you got involved and where you're going next.

Wonderful.

I mean, I'll start with myself.

Please.

I think where it starts with me, of course, is New York, the automotive business.

Obviously, with my last name, I've Irish background.

My family is a classic American tale.

They came here with a suitcase.

They came to Ellis Island.

And my dad was in Brooklyn.

My mom was in Rockaway and they wanted to make their way in the world.

That's amazing.

And, of course, it brings me here today.

I think if you look at Scout Motors, how it all came about,

I think first and foremost, as you know, it's an iconic American brand.

It basically invented the SUV segment.

It invented a lot of these things back in the 1960s.

I think what happened to Scout is exactly what happened to America.

in the 1970s of high inflation, stopped making things, outsourced a lot of things,

had troublesome labor relations, high inflation on that.

And this American dream, this American icon, went away.

And how it came back to life, I think it's sort of three things came together.

I think first and foremost was, let's say, the business necessity.

The Volkswagen group at the time said,

how can we get more successful in America?

And the way to be successful in America is to go after these profit pools.

where the trucks and rugged SUVs are.

And of course, they had purchased a company called Navistar.

Navistar had the heavy truck business of International.

Of course, they had the rights to scout.

And there came the genesis of this idea.

Could we bring back this magical icon with the backing of a company

that knows exactly how to make things and get good cost

and bring it back to life with a clean sheet?

And that was the premise.

And that was four years ago.

We had one employee and a couple of PowerPoint slides.

And now fast forward, we have 1,600 employees.

We're industrializing a factory in Blythewood, South Carolina.

We're going to show you a pretty cool prototype car behind me in a little bit.

And here we are.

I think the other thing that's important to look at is sort of the softer side of the thing.

And for me personally, I think a lot of us, during COVID, I drove across the country with my family.

When you drive across the country, right, you go to Ohio, you go through Pennsylvania, you go through Indiana, you see some of these manufacturing towns.

and you do have to ask yourself, what happened?

Why is this?

I think at the same time, we saw a lot of the geopolitical environment with Tavers

and the resurgence of saying, let's build things again, let's do things again.

And then the other final sort of piece of the puzzle is Scout was a super cool, glorious icon.

It's like, why do we let these things go out of business?

Why do we let these things fade away?

Why don't we do it right?

And you put it all together, and we're here at this magical moment, doing something difficult,

for sure, but doing something really cool.

So that's the background, in a nutshell.

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, the idea of reindustrialization, making cars in America,

today feels like there's a ton of tailwinds,

but 2022 is a different era.

Is that a lot of luck just being in the right place and the right?

Because when I think about all the tariffs and everything,

I'm just like, oh, this is a win for scout.

There's another win for scout.

And I mean, we were watching the president talk about AI.

literally the question right before was about making cars in America.

And so there's a lot of positive economic forces that are working.

Was the plan that this was coming and that there would be more reindustrialization movement in the future,

regardless of who was in the Oval Office?

Or was this just like a lucky break that happened down the road?

Laura's a look.

We're profound geniuses.

We looked into the crystal ball and we knew.

Absolutely, everything was going to happen.

No, I think there was a, let's say, movement, sort of gentle drumbeat, if you were listening.

You saw the transition, let's say, from NAFTA to U.S. MCA, and clearly you can see where that was heading.

That was the horseback in 2016.

Sure, sure.

You also knew from COVID that supply chains were becoming, let's say, tenuous, for lack of a better term.

It was difficult.

And then you knew in this segment, if you look at this segment, the majority of the segment says, I want to buy things that are American.

I want to buy things that are made in America.

So Scouts' whole premise was always going to be that.

But based on that, of course, a lot of other things came their way,

from tariffs to geopolitics or everything I know.

So I think it was a good core idea.

It's a phenomenal core idea that's gotten more tailwinds as it's come,

which has been great.

Yeah.

I recently heard that the life of a new car has basically doubled since, I believe,

the 70s.

And new cars will often last until 250,000 miles, whereas it used to be 100,000 miles.

It's time to get a new car.

Is that a secular pressure that you think will be overcomeable with new technology?

Or do you think that's something that we're going to settle into?

Or maybe there's a world where people wind up with more cars.

Just I'm thinking of, like, what are the general pressures that you're worried about around new car purchasing?

Look, I think you raised a key point. I think a lot of what's driving that, of course, is a high-cost

environment where people want their cars to stay with them a long time. I think that's particularly

true of this segment. This is a segment that's not what I'd call a flip and purchase for a vehicle

that's just going to get you down mainstream. It needs to do real work, real play, take you somewhere,

do something. So we've fundamentally engineered the car to be super robust. The second thing

we've engineered the car for is to bring a lot of

do it yourself type of business

back into it. I think a lot of people where

they've engineered these cars, they're complete

spaceships. Just look at them.

Don't touch them. Don't touch them. And I think

we've intentionally brought a lot of

mechanical, physical characteristics

back so you can do the actual work.

I think the other thing that's breaking down

and I remember this back in my

Mercedes-Benz days was

electronics, can't

update them, 100,000 miles, it's going to be

gone. Or batteries. That was the one on batteries.

right, they're going to last. And I think that myth is being broken all the time, but these batteries are holding their power. They're holding their charge and they're holding their robustness. I think the right way to look at. I saw someone put like 300,000 miles on a Model S or something. Yeah. Exactly. People thought that was impossible. Like, and the depreciation curves are still really rough for electric vehicles. We can go into that. But, I mean, it does feel like the fear of like this battery will be impossible repair and the car will be total because of the battery. That has been.

pretty... How much does your...

How much does your segment care about autonomous driving?

And how much...

And do you think they'll care more about it in a couple years?

I don't think it's core to the segment.

I think we've engineered the vehicle where this is a vehicle that you want to have control

of the narrative and control the vehicle.

So we've intentionally made a vehicle where, yeah, I want to put a real door handle on the

thing.

When I get into the vehicle, I want to use real switches and get that mechanical connectivity, if

you will. And driving, I think it's the same exact thing. This is the vehicle has to work,

wants to play, they want control of the vehicle. Now, to that end, the scout will have level

2 plus, because I think where you can offer that highway convenience, if you will,

where driving is more tedious, 100%. But I think this segment and what it stands for,

in terms of, let's say, freedom and control has much more to do. And honestly, if I look at

autonomous, you wouldn't build this type of vehicle. You'd build a much more A to B type of

vehicle. Take me for here, take for there. You wouldn't have solid body on frame. You wouldn't

have solid rear axle. You wouldn't have a thousand pound feet of torque, 800 horsepower, all of

these capabilities. I think you'd build a much more, let's say, cybercam, not to give

a sort of simplistic vehicle. So I don't think it drives this segment. I think level two plus

for sure is where it will be and what we see they want. But we want to be a little bit more,

let's say, old school where we can put the driver and the customer back in charge. That we see

is a mega trend. Like, I want to be in charge.

Screens aren't taken over. Yeah.

So you said, what was it, 2021, 2021,

there's one employee.

Yeah. There's hundreds now, thousands now.

What is the scale of the operation?

600 employees.

With first customer deliveries in 2028?

In 28, exactly.

So when do you actually start building out the plan to hire all those people?

What will the company look like in 2028 when you're doing deliveries?

Toof.

So the plan is a ramp up.

When we look at 28.

at the factory itself will be roughly 3,000 employees.

If I look across the total workforce,

will be roughly in the zone of 3,800,000, somewhere in there.

The preponderance of the workforce is going to be basically doing two things.

You're either making a car or you're selling a car.

I think one of the things we've done very smart is get all of the overheads out.

SG&A extremely tight.

Overheads extremely tight because we want people doing active things,

which is buying a car and of course,

and of course manufacturing a car.

At the plant itself, if I look at the 1600,

more than half of that are down in the factory right now as we speak,

and that's because we're building the very first early prototypes,

and I think this is a pretty cool thing that we're doing.

What most companies would do would outsource that to a third party,

they would then hand you the car, and you'd integrate into your plant.

Okay.

Since it's a new factory, we're training new workers,

they've never made cars before.

We want to get that muscle memory now.

So we're building these prototypes.

It'll make us much more stable for ramp up, which, as you know, is critical.

What is the state of dealerships in the automotive world?

How is it changing?

Tesla's taking a different approach, but there's still shops where you can go see a Tesla.

What will your strategy be?

How has it evolved over the last couple of years?

Our approach is clear.

We are going to go direct to consumer.

Okay.

So we will be selling the vehicles directly to the consumer.

and in my mind I look upon it as three fronts.

One, there's no debate that we can handle the transaction far smoother and far straight

with a lot more transparency.

We're going to build the ecosystem to do that.

I think if you look at a brand such as Carvana, they've without a doubt proven,

there is a good digital path to sell a car and make it happen.

I think the second thing today, I think there's no world where if you don't control

the relationship to the customer, have all the data that comes of that relationship.

you can't be successive.

And the third one, without a doubt, is we are going to do a lot of work to build the infrastructure.

I think where a lot of the brands you mentioned fell short a little bit is you have to have the service infrastructure built ahead of the wave, not behind the wave.

And those are big things we're focused on.

We're executing that.

And it's critical.

So I think about what does that actually look like?

I mean, it seems like one of the biggest challenges because you need to have service, are you going to have a central service hub?

or I imagine that that's tough if you're having to, you know, ship cars around all over the U.S.

Is there specific key regions that you need to be set up in?

Like, I'm just curious.

You got exactly right.

I mean, the good news is it all starts at the factory.

Yeah.

From the factory, we've laid out nine distribution networks that we will have.

We can put these in very smart locations where you can have lots of space, relatively inexpensive,

and let's say, line up the cars there.

Yeah.

Then from there, they'll move in to the retail stores.

We will build 100 stores over to.

time. But what this allows us to do, we can be way smarter on inventory, way smarter on cost

front. And then what you have now is a lot of these dealerships, you have extremely expensive

inventory, extremely expensive parking. And we can put this in much less expensive real estate.

I think the other thing speaking of real estate where we see the action being is we can build

in sort of Class A fronts where we can get off of Main Street, get off of the expensive stuff,

and build it in smart locations. 85% of the investment will go into service since that's where

the most critical function is.

And that's what we're building pretty much as we speak.

But again, if we have the data from the customer, the data into our factory, and the data

into our suppliers, we can sort of get out of this world of let's build a couple of thousand

cars and send them across America and hope they sell.

Then they sit in a parking lot.

They sit there for 120 days.

You throw incentives on them.

The RVs collapse.

We can avoid that.

We can be way smarter using data, using intelligence, using AI to get the right.

car into the place and basically hold, hold pricing power.

Yeah.

How important is the test drive to conversion in a direct-to-consumer relationship?

Is it unnecessarily high?

Like, should more consumers be buying cars without ever test-driving them?

I feel like- I'm a-sci-a.

I've bought, like, probably six cars without ever test driving them.

That feels uncommon.

We like that.

But is that the future, or is Dordy actually a psycho?

Look, I think that part of that is like I grew up buying things online.

Yeah.

Very comfortable looking at a picture and a video and maybe a review and saying, cool, looks good.

And there's so many trusted car reviewers, Doug Jamiro, Forrest Auto Reviews that if there's a consensus across three or four people that I trust, I'm probably just going to be happy buying the car.

But what does it look like now?

What do you think the future looks like?

Look, I think what we're planning for, we're planning for, we're a startup brand that people don't know that well.

And in order to get to know, well, you're going to have established trust.

It's the number one word.

I think we'll have phenomenal reviews.

We'll have phenomenal reservations, which we have already.

But when you come to these service centers, we want to have an environment where you can take a test drive.

Beyond that, we're going to set up test drives, obviously in the big markets and get this done.

I think there will be a huge group that's going to say, I love this car, send it to my driveway.

Done.

We'll take care of that.

On the flip side, there will be a group that wants verification.

So I think at this early phase, I would say 85 percent is going to be.

going to want to get in this vehicle drive it, test it out. We have new technology with the

E-Rove, we have a new vehicle. And I think the more we establish trust, the more units in

operation, the more all of that happens, then that's going to find. It just looks, I can't wait

to see it outside, but it just looks, it looks, it looks. It's awesome. It's like exactly.

I was one of you guys a look at. It's what consumers want. I mean, you look at, you know,

at some of, you know, the new Toyota Lexus models are solid and have been. Yeah, a lot of these

longer, newer projects. By the time they make it to market, they look outdated because,

oh, like, clearly the designs were from five years ago. This feels perfectly where the consumer

is. What happens with, it feels like the legacy manufacturers and brands, they get very

stuck on certain, like, interior styles and materials. And the updates go from, you know,

everything I've seen from the interior with the scout, it feels like you guys really considered

materials and patterns and the touch and feel and all these things and have thought about it

from the ground up. You would think that other manufacturers would just say, hey, why don't we just

redo, when we refresh this car, why don't we fully redo the interior? And what I typically see

is he's more like, hey, it's like 5% different, but fundamentally it still looks exactly the same.

why is it so hard to do a full, basically cosmetic, interior refresh for these brands?

Look, you nailed it.

One of the things we loved is the power of a clean sheet is one you have to take maximum advantage on it.

What unfortunately happens in giant OEMs and giant companies is to make any change.

There's a big giant machine.

There's an existing factory.

You don't want to alter tooling.

You don't want to have new supply bases.

so every little thing gets so expensive and so challenging and so difficult,

which is why you see a world of, yeah, these swight tweaks.

And they say all new and all this, and basically it's a tweet fabric or whatever it is.

I think what you see here, and I'm glad you appreciate it,

this is a grueling labor of love, love, love.

We have fought every last thread on this vehicle.

And I think it started with, boy, we're bringing back this icon.

We do it wrong.

we're going to get mocked.

And we couldn't just throw a scout label on a vehicle and say,

hey, here's this.

Because the OGs will honestly reject you.

We knew if they rejected us, we're dead.

It's over.

Once we got them on board, then away we go.

And that's why we're off to the races.

But the reason it's so hard is you just get stuck in this big company world.

Yeah, the way that the car market moves,

it oftentimes feels like manufacturers don't listen to customers.

but I have to imagine they do look at social media comments and they are well aware of the feedback,

but is it because of the planning cycle, right?

So I'll pick an example, right?

So like the Ferrari, there's a Ferrari community, Ferrari community, I'll say.

Nice mainstream example.

I like you know.

And when I say Ferrari community, I mean the group of people that care about the brand,

and then the group of people that care about the brand and are actual buyers.

But both of the groups are.

are oftentimes, like, confused with a lot of the actions of the brand.

And I just, I just have to imagine it's like, is it the kind of thing where, like,

the actual response from the manufacturer is, like, somewhat delayed where it's more like a,

this sort of like, yeah, we've been aware of this issue for five to six years.

And now these sort of newer iterations, they'll be responding to that.

Is that just because of the supply chain or are they?

it's it's look at the simplest thing is look at the end of the day let's say you want to make a change

yeah so the two big drivers of that change is okay what's going to cost cap x wise to make that change

because you're going to have to retool at the supplier depending on how big it is and that's a few

million dollars just for one slight little change yeah then you may have a material cost change

on the bottom of the bill of the car and then you multiply that by 10 20 30 100 changes and all of a sudden

you're talking 100 million dollars of capx and i don't know a couple hundred dollars of material cost on the

vehicle. So every change is just brutal. I think the other thing is they work in big cycles,

right? You have your classic launch of the car, then your product improvement, three, four years

later, and then the thing. I think the other holy grill for us, and certainly Tesla has done this

quite well, is can you get changes that don't impact the physical hardware of the vehicle,

which is all of the OTAs and all the thing that will have capable on this vehicle as well.

But why you don't see that is cost and cycle tooling and things. It's not like these people are

sleep at the switch and aren't aware of it. They're certainly aware of it, but it's the cost

at the time to go get that done, period. Which is why you want to get it right? We know this is a

problem, but fixing it now would cost a billion dollars, and if we just wait another cycle,

we'll be able to address it, but in a much more cost-efficient way. Exactly. And then potentially

you can find 50 of them or 40 of them or 20 and do it all at once, cycle it up and get it through

the one change. Yeah. Because, of course, depending on how extensive the change, retooling the factory

on top of whatever the supplier did,

potentially change training within the factory.

The knock-on effects are massive.

Retrain your dealers to sell it, depending on how big it is.

Does Scout have any history in, like, off-road racing that you're aware of?

You want to do Scout Challenge?

I do want to do, like, a bot, the Scout bot, the Baja Scout expedition.

The car?

The Paris, the car is another way to go.

No, one I'm saying it does.

Scout raced back in the big off-road racing.

back in the day, we've been doing something.

There's a cool guy up in Venturi

here named Sean Barb. I don't know if you know him.

We sponsor him and he's

taking a couple of the vintage scouts and

he's done some racing and then we can't

wait to get the real deal and go kick

some serious. No, it feels like you should try

to put a hundred of them together and even

get a pool of buyers that just is buying them

even for just

racing. Yeah, mod. Yeah, exactly.

No, I'll have to show you some stuff, but Sean's does some cool things.

Well, let's go check out the car.

The car's outside. Let's do it. I'll let Jordy throw on that

That's cool. Thank you.

We'll walk outside.

I think we have our cameras ready to rock.

Let's go.

Take a look at this vehicle outside.

Here, come this way.

The outside of the TVB and Ultradome.

We are outside here.

We have our new sign up.

Here it is.

The scout.

Oh, look at this.

Looks so good.

So this is it.

Love it.

One of the first things you'll notice, we made this one the more urban version, if you will, right?

Yeah.

So it doesn't have the spare wire on the back.

It doesn't have the off-road packages.

We made this more and more urban cool style.

I think you'll still notice, you know, 35-inch wheels.

Because that has like a cork composite.

It's walnut, but it's, you know, just super recycled stuff.

Amazing.

And then, Jordy, you can see kind of what I was talking about here, just like get some real switches back.

There we go.

These are all for the accessories.

Nice.

These are all for the lockers that you can control.

This is a lot of hardware mechanical functionality.

That kind of, you know, people let go a little bit on this front.

I think the other thing.

There we go.

I love the two-tone.

Yeah, it's super, super well done.

This is great.

Yeah, it'll hang on the thing.

And then what we didn't talk about is, you know, the magic of this vehicle is what's underneath.

So it's body on frame.

Yeah.

which means you have a frame.

You put the hat on top of the vehicle.

It's got a solid rear axle,

which is super old school technology.

We integrated the e-motor inside the axle.

First time that's ever been done.

Just to give you a sense of it,

this is a thousand pound feet of torque,

800 horsepower.

This vehicle is zero to 60 and four seconds,

so it's going to be like a serious, serious machine.

And will you make a non-performance version as well?

Less power and torque?

No, what we want to do is offer one platform,

from one foundation.

We'll let your right foot.

Your right foot can control the power of the torch.

The pedals are amazing too.

Go to check those out.

Yeah, you see the,

one of the other cool things, of course,

is super short front overhang.

Very hard to do with this type of vehicle.

So you get the crash, you got a lot.

But this gives you all of the approach angle on this,

which is awesome.

Another nice little touch the designers came up with.

I think most brands, as you know,

centers everything,

firm, center.

We want to make them much more,

like a piece of art.

Sure.

You see Scalricet.

You know, from the right-hand side, like the signature side.

And this is another nice design element.

This is the range extender.

So this is where the gas goes in.

Obviously, on the other side is where the battery charge will go in.

This is what we call Earth's plaid.

So it takes us back to, you know, the original International Harvester.

And super slick, super slick.

How does the range extender work?

The texture on the fabric on the inside here is just amazing.

This sort of plaid.

So great.

So how the range extender works, which we think this is a piece of technology America is basically looking for,

both of the axles are driven like a battery car.

There's an E-engine right here, E-engine right there, and then that is driving the car.

It gives you the torque, gives you the instant pop, instant response, and there's a generator in the back,

which is basically a gas engine, a four-cylinder, a four-cylinder, a four-cylinder engine.

And that, of course, is what gives you upwards of 500 miles of total.

So it generates electricity that charges the battery, that then powers the car the same way.

Exactly.

Yeah, so the reverse hybrid, you're flipping the hybrid system effectively, which is amazing

because there's no range anxiety.

You can do the cross-country trip, two-minute stops for gas, and you'll be totally fine.

Precisely.

Yeah, I've seen this pitch as the future before and when I saw it, I was like, America needs

that immediately.

This is so logical and will satisfy the last remaining hurdle for so many EV buyers.

The view from the back here is just incredible.

Yeah, really good.

It really makes you think like we perfected the car in the 60s and 70s, and then everything

since then has just been like, you know, we tried to do too much to change it and then we're

just going back, back to the future.

Exactly.

And what we wanted to do is, you know, obviously this cool technology now, but put it behind

the curtain as opposed to like a good one, right?

I just spent some time with door handles like that.

It's like, there's no need to make a flush.

electronic door handle, right? Americans know how to open it, just make a mechanical,

pull the thing, away you go. And everyone claims that like, oh, the range will double if you make

them flush. And I'm like, I don't believe that. Maybe you're taking two miles off by giving

me a normal door handle, but the security of actually being able to grab something and just open it

like any other door is pretty hard to beat, hard to beat. And for a work vehicle that's going to be

out in bad weather, you're going to have gloves on and everything else. You don't want to be

muckering out of that type of thing. And I feel like the suburban configuration, I mean, this is

I can't exactly think it looks bigger than the images, but at the same time this feels easy to park and

parallel park in a city. I don't know. Two vehicles that you mentioned, right? You mentioned the

defenders. You mentioned the, you know, the Toyota Land Cruiser and things like that. So

lengthwise, it's in, it's in that zone. It's a little bit wider than those vehicles.

Yeah. One of the things you don't see here is that wide body that's so, that really gives it.

That really gives it. It's so, the stance is incredible. Yeah. And that what you don't see here, of course,

we're making a pickup truck as well.

Yeah.

And I think the phenomenal thing about the pickup truck

is basically the vehicle stays the same to here.

So we can get almost 75% carryover,

speaking to your question of scale and that.

And then bed comes back, five and a half foot bed.

Sure.

Separate cab.

And yeah, no, I think we've got the,

we've got exactly what the markets looking for.

It's fun.

I assume no plans for two-door version.

Not yet.

I've heard that two-door SUVs, none of them have ever been largely successful for the long term.

They've all faced hurdles among customer adoption.

People say they want them.

They get in there.

They think about their family and they want four doors.

Exactly right.

Exactly.

I mean, I think what we can execute far easier.

It seems like the right decision.

Would be a third row, right?

Yeah, third row.

You can easily extend the frame and go out and put a third row in there, which is something.

And even if it's a heavier and you lose a little.

bit of electricity on the range. You can make up for it with the range extender. Like, you're still

in very functional territory, which is great. Yeah. And you mentioned a smart thing. I mean,

the ability to upgrade the range extender is super easy, right? You can either add more power to the

engine, you can tweak the chemistry, you can add a bigger gas tank if you really wanted to get

super range on the thing. And so it's flexible. The other thing is in the factory, right? You don't

have to completely retool and change the factory. This can be fully electric. Come back. Come back here.

Mix can hold. Very cool.

Yeah.

Congratulations.

Yeah, thank you.

We're doing something cool.

You guys have to...

You have to come down if you get a change.

Yeah, come down to be amazing.

Yeah, we'd love to.

I think everyone talks about industrializing America.

This is happening in the real world.

Remarkable.

Yeah.

The presence is insane.

It looks really good.

For this size vehicle, it feels like you have like the presence of like a range rover or defender,

but in this form factor that's like just perfect size.

Yeah.

Yeah, obviously we didn't talk.

pricing but the vehicle's going to start in the high 50s and so a vehicle that's like this

capable is a phenomenal price and I think that was one of the things you know that makes this work

is the struggle that startups has if the suppliers can never give them good cost right and so they

get murdered on bomb cost I think we can count on the Volkswagen group to get good parts pricing

and get good material costs make a good margin on the car right off the start which is huge

Yeah, this in the high 50s compared to when I feel like people go chasing this style and silhouette,

it's almost always in the high 70s that it starts.

Transacts at 88, 86.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.

And then you end up with a car that doesn't feel as special from an interior standpoint or any of these things.

That's great.

I'm thinking of what's the chemical company that brought back the Legacy Defender?

Oh, Ennio Scenario.

I know a lot of people that are going that will buy.

I think the project's incredible.

The cars look great and everything.

But people buying the Grenadier, they want it for that sort of silhouette and that sort of feeling and that lifestyle.

But again, you're coming in much higher and it doesn't feel like it's necessarily as designed for everyday life,

which is why they're buying it as a daily driver, right?

So you want the silhouette but in a daily driver package.

And at this price point, there's going to be extremely competitive.

No, you hit it exactly right because a lot of people jump into the segment, but then it becomes a fourth car in the drive or it becomes a beach car.

So I'm like, no, no, we want this thing to be in everyday, you know, everyday killer.

That's great.

Well, thank you so much for showing it to us.

That's amazing.

Thanks, George.

I'm excited to drive it.

Watch you guys all the time.

Thank you.

Come back on as you get closer to lunch.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Cheers.

Cheers.

Cheers.

Thanks, guys.

Thanks guys.

the studio and we will be joined by Mitch.

The latest with the

Saspocalypse. Short everything.

Short everything. Who knows? Who knows?

We'll get his take on everything.

But first, let me tell you...

At that price point. Yeah. Really, really impressive.

Agents meet the canvas. Your AI agents can now create and modify

your Figma files with design system context.

And while we're bringing in our next guest, I'll also tell you about CrowdStrike.

Your business is AI, their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

And CrowdStrike founder and CEO George Kurtz had a very detailed thread on X today.

I don't know if we have time to read through it all, but we should get to it.

You should go read it because he talks a lot about what pacing the frontier means for cybersecurity.

And all of the cybersecurity companies are up and to the right today in the stock market.

it as people take the threat of botnets and AI malfeasance more seriously.

People are more optimistic around cybersecurity companies than ever.

Yeah, and Crowdstrike was up around 100% year-to-date, so nice to see them up another.

Another 13% or something.

Yeah.

Yeah, great stuff.

Yeah, Scout Motors.

Very, very fun.

I'm really happy that Scott was able to come by and break that down for us.

What a fun vehicle?

And I think the thing that sticks out to me the most is the gas extender.

I saw Forest Auto Reviews demo a Chinese SUV that had that technology.

And I was like, I don't want them to be ahead of us.

We need this technology in America.

I don't want them to be ahead of us in anything to do with gasoline.

Yeah.

That would just be very un-American.

Yeah, yeah.

And so you fill it up and then you get extra range.

And so there's just no, oh, I can't drive to San Francisco.

in this EV. I'll have to stop for an hour in charge or whatever. That idea just melts away when

you're just like, oh yeah, I can just put some gas in it and I'm good to go. Anyway, I believe we have


---


Mitchell Green in the waiting room. Let's bring in the founder and managing partner of Lead Edge Capital

back on the show. Great to see him as always. Mitchell, how you doing? He is. What's going on?

Nata. How are you? I'm a little tired. John had a rough.

weekend. I had a little too much time on my new simulator. Oh, yeah. He's late late late late late

I mean I'd like by the way be careful going on it like an hour or two hours before you go to bed

because you'll like when you'll be like oh one more lap. No that that's it that's it.

Every single Friday Friday Friday and Saturday kids go to bed. I'm like great I'll get on the sim.

I look at the eventually I'm driving for a while. I look at the club. I'm you know driving for a while.

It's like, you know, 10.

I'm like, oh, great.

I can do a go another 30 minutes and go to sleep, get a good night's sleep.

Next thing I know, it's past midnight.

My wife's texting me being like, you're really, like, waking up basically in the

middle of a night's sleep, being like, are you seriously still on the simulator?

But it's the most, it's the most addictive.

One more laugh.

No, it's a more laugh.

I can do that.

I got this.

I can one more lap.

Then you get like the second to last turn.

You're like, oh, God darn it.

Screw it up.

You got to do like another lap.

Yeah, I'm well away.

And then by the way, you're probably like, pouring sweat.

So you then get into bed, like a shower, and you're just like, then your brain has been

fried with light.

So yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's really not.

Yeah, people say, don't look at the small iPhone screen before bed.

You're looking at a wrap around triple monitor set up.

But John, so John, John, um, John built a track that, that will all be on.

Yeah.

So we have a true evaluation for these AI models.

We've debated a lot how capable are they.

Are they actually useful?

I had GPT6 Astra.

go and find satellite footage of thermal

and try and create a track in Acetocorsa.

We should try to drive it then.

Yes, I took it for a spin yesterday.

I don't have a full simulator, so I was driving with the keyboard.

Not the best experience, but I'm sending it to Jordy.

He's going to demo it tonight.

2 a.m.

He's going to be putting up hot laps and we'll see how good it is.

I'll send it to you to you two.

I joke that there needs to be like an AI racing.

There needs to be like an AI racing league.

So I've debated some of the best

G3 drivers in the world, like

road drivers. I'd be like, oh, you realize

that like AI could build like a better car

that could go around the racetrack if you guys are like,

no, no, impossible.

Like you do realize Elon Musk can land like a,

can like take a missile and like land a rocket on a,

you know, the same thing the size of my book,

my like desk.

Trust me, we could build one.

And then I'm like, you know, what would we do it?

Is each of the model companies can then sponsor a team.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, I, Gemini is a big F1 sponsor.

You got CrowdStrague sponsoring.

I say get the big labs on there.

You can get like Kimmy.

You can have like a global Miss Tril can have one.

You could have a global global AI racing league where all the, all the companies have to like fund their own AI racing team.

I think that might be some backlash.

The real test is can you can you put a humanoid in a simulator and actually get a competitive?

We're in a real car.

Lap time.

Yeah, real car.

A humanoid, that's pretty good.

Look, I think an AI, I've talked about it with a bunch of guys

or principals of F1 teams.

Yeah.

You could get, it would be the, it's theoretically possible to get a, not a perfect

lap, but yes, an AI could drive a lap.

But like, I will tell you actually on the simulator,

the AI and I racing, like for practice, is actually pretty darn good, like the AI cars.

Yeah.

Like, I do believe in real life you could build an AI with an,

enough money, some billionaire, some company, if they wanted to build an AI, a car that would

drive around the racetrack, I think it would be faster than any pro.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

But it's like, but it's going to be like chess where like even once the AI is like superhuman,

you still want to watch, you know, Mitchell tearing it up.

Yeah.

That's true.

I know, maybe not me, but.

Antonelli.

Other people.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, the, the, the, the AI story is growing at,

ton online, all the debates ever paced in the frontier. But I feel like at every moment,

you've been very solidly grounded on what's happening in the real business world, what's

happening in these real companies. So what have you seen since we last talked over the last

couple months on the development of just software companies, the real economy, overall health

of the investing philosophy that you've had since you started Lead Edge? Like, what has changed,

what has stuck out to you as particularly notable in the last couple months?

I think software continues like the big enterprise sticky software I'll talk software and then I'll talk everything and everything AI and Frank I think there's people that you have that would know a lot more about the AI stuff than I would um we have by the best way to understand what's happening in software companies globally is watch public company software earnings yeah public office company software earnings have been pretty strong you know work day and

I think had said, I think they said like 400, 600 million or something of revenue was coming from AI now.

It was some number and it was pretty large was coming from AI.

I think big companies, you know, big enterprise companies want their vendors, ideally to create solutions for them and work with them versus trying to rip people out and use new vendors and things like that.

I do think, though, that the pace of innovation, you know, because of how of AI and agents and all this stuff is only going to increase.

And so, like, every company has a risk of being disrupted.

I don't, you know, if you're, if you're Stalantis and you've got a ton of debt and Ford has no debt, well, if you believe, like, robotics and humanoid's and AI are going to, like, dramatically change manufacturing, then Ford can invest in.

Like Stalantis probably can't because they're paying their debt load down.

I think you can take that to every sector of the economy.

And so that people that are not innovating are going to get left behind.

And yes, it's easier to start companies now, but it's also easier for incumbents to be

able to develop, you know, new products as well.

Yeah.

So when I look at like public company SaaS, I am typically keying in on something that's much more

founder and or even just management team driven.

Like if I see that there's a founder or CEO who seems extremely locked in, aware of what's

going on, they're early, but they're not exactly aping talking points.

They're thinking about the capabilities in a rational way.

That makes me more optimistic.

Is the actual capital structure and debt load of these companies maybe under discussed as a

It depends. I think it just depends on the, I think private equity gets, unfortunately, people bucket all private equity assets have to, you know, people bucket them as, oh, they have tons of leverage, they're all in trouble.

Yeah.

I don't think that's, by the way, it's like, oh, private equity owned software assets have tons of leverage and are in trouble.

But again, if you're a private equity owned automotive company and you have lots of debt, or if you are a non-private equity owned asset and you have lots of.

of debt you can't innovate. I think the debate needs to be more on like companies that are very,

very highly levered will find it harder to try to disrupt themselves and continue to innovate.

And just because you're spending more and more money on interest income. And by the way,

rates are only going probably one way. Because I mean, I think one thing that's not appreciated.

I don't think people are talking about it enough. And I'll actually talk about it from the car world.

and like you could talk about it like the collector

car, collector cars,

collector cards, like memorabilia

is like, you know, real estate in San Francisco,

real estate in Aspen, Real Estate in Jackson Hole,

Santa Barbara, L.A.

Like, how strong parts of the U.S. economy are right now

compared to like a lot of parts of Europe.

And you can just look at like, if you look at like the Ferrari world,

the same car in Europe, like an SP.

Yeah, half the price.

famous Ferrari just, you know, sold in Pebble Beach for like 17.28 million, right?

Yeah.

That car in Europe had never sold for more than like 8 million euros or 7 and a half million euros in an auction like a month before.

And I think it just speak, by the way, you can't bring for the audience.

You just why.

Somebody's like, why is bring the European car to the U.S.?

You can't for 25 years.

So I think it just speaks to the strength of the economy or at least some segment of the economy in the U.S.

versus anywhere else globally.

Like the amount of wealth creation that's happening is just astonishing.

Yeah, what is actually driving the wealth creation and the effects in the car market?

Because it feels like it's super easy to be like, it's all tech and AI money.

But I feel like there aren't that many tech and AI people that are actually into the particular cars that I see going crazy.

There's a guy who's a guy who sold a big internet company who's got a lot of Porsches.

Yeah.

But like he's got a lot and buying every color and every shape.

But, no, I think it's Americans, wealthy American, if you were wealthy three years ago and you were in America, you owned, and both this applies not only to collect a cards, it a price that, probably not art, funny enough, because the art market actually hasn't gone crazy.

But like, the collector card market's gone crazy for sure, like Michael Jordans and something like that.

But I think it is a function of people were wealthy three years of.

living in America and a lot of those people owned equities.

Yeah.

And so today, look at the stock market.

Yep.

They're exponentially more wealthy.

And they've since realized that they can't, that they can't die with, and they

not get younger, they're only getting older.

They can't take it with them.

They're like, you know what, my son or my daughter is 28 or 32 or my grandson is 15 and

is into cars or into watches or into whatever.

And I think it's the same reason, you know, and I think it's a combination of equity

markets, AI, secondaries and venture. I think it's like, it's all of it, uh, conflated together.

And people are not, are just spending money. Yeah. I heard another interesting thing.

More concentrated here than anywhere else in the world. Yeah. I heard another interesting

random thing that some family offices are allowing a portion of a trust to be invested in cars.

And so sometimes the second or third generation might say, okay, great, like we're going to allocate

3% of this massive fortune to cars.

I get to go to curated with a $50 million shopping list and buy one of everything.

And so there's more people sort of securitizing and seeing this as like a financial asset.

I mean, it's not like, I think it's like planes too.

Somebody told me that you can't even get a net jets or flex jet plane right now.

Like you can't get one because if you're, if you try to go become like a new net jets customer,

they'll be like we're sold out.

Whoa.

And it's only going to get worse.

Like somebody gave me the stat.

you guys probably know it better than me, but like the number of people, if you believe

that Anthropic is worth a trillion or a trillion and a half dollars and you believe

an AI is worth that and where SpaceX trades, like those three companies create more gains

than the entire internet bubble.

Like, those people are going to go spend money.

And just like, if you want to know where to make money in collectibles or in cars or art

or real estate, just figure out, sit outside Anthropic headquarters and be like, hey,

what do you plan to do after the IPO?

What do you plan to spend money on?

But I just think the amount of money that is, by the way, if somebody's made a crazy amount of money very quickly,

and they want to be at a house in Jackson Hole or ask them.

Or in downtown San Francisco and it's six block radius and there's three homes for sale.

Well, then the buyer is kind of like price agnostic.

I don't know, I really just want to live there.

I just made a bunch of funny money.

The seller knows there's no inventory.

And actually, I think the big problem in real estate right now is people are locked in the low rate mortgages from 2020 and 21.

There's like no incentive to sell.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Hence, a lot of the like the poster cars going up in value a ton.

If somebody had it on their poster, a poster of the car on their wall, when they were a teenager, they make money in their 30s or something, they got to go get that car because that's the car they looked at every day when they were growing up.

How many, how many luxury car clubs do you think?

think that Southern California can support. You have thermal right now. You have Elsinor Ring.

Oh, yeah. The Elsinor Ring. Is that Willis Springs? Is that Willis Springs or is that?

No, no. These are two new developments, track focus, driver communities, clubs, whatever you want to

call them that are springing up, that are bringing on hundreds of new homes online.

My guess is Tim, look, I'm a member of thermal. Tim Rogers, who runs it's a great guy. He's been

Yeah, for 15 years.

My guess is he's probably like, good luck.

But I think it's a lot harder than people think.

You need to build, you build a track.

You've got to get enough members there so you can have like member race weekends.

You know, like who wants to be the first five houses?

I think it's tough.

I think it's tough cold start problem.

I like that the Elstner ring had a funny brand to it.

Oh, yeah, I know the Nureberg ring.

I'm never going to get to Germany.

So if I can have that experience.

But I looked at the length and it's like one fifth as long as the Nureberg ring.

So it's not bringing that experience necessarily.

It's like roughly the same length as, you know, the GTC.

I also think people need to look, I truly believe that it is extremely dangerous to drive streetcars on a racetrack.

Okay.

I think I think the most dangerous is to drive street cars on a race on a street crazy fast.

That's just total insanity.

people do it.

People also die, like, you know,

call of duty, like, you know, the guy that died in L.A.

Yeah.

It's crazy dangerous.

The next thing is driving a street car

on a racetrack. And

the thing that's crappy about America

is, you know, in Europe, at least,

when you buy a fancy car,

they can put four-point harness seat belts in them

due to, like, you know, European car regulation.

In America, you can't do it.

They don't do it.

Driving a car down a racetrack

at 170 miles an hour,

with a lap belt, I think it's totally insane.

Like when you can literally, and these are multimillion-dollar cars,

when you can literally go buy a $100,000 to $300,000 proper race car

that is very safe.

Like, look at race accidents on Instagram or YouTube

and look how people walk away from these things.

Versus you hit, you know, you hit the wall in a street car

at 100 miles an hour, you're dead.

So I think that's something that people don't like appreciate it.

enough, but like, I think a lot of these crack, these country club facts should actually not even

really allow street cars in the track. Oh, interesting. If you want to be a member here, you need,

you need to get a race car. Yeah. It makes, it also just makes way more sense to use track only cars

on a track, like, economically, you can get a way, like, if you're looking for like a specific

style of car, the track only version of the car will be half the price. Yes, correct. So,

why would you not? Yeah. So what are all your guests up? What are all your,

guest telling you guys about like AI what's going on like well i think i think the thing that was i'd be

curious to get your opinion but this weekend was like the most amount of infighting that i've ever

seen in tech and and i don't know throughout your career have you ever has there ever been a moment

where you felt like there was this much sort of like fighting and disagreement from within the same

industry right i couldn't believe the three guys that all run the company is actually all agreed

though.

Yeah, which is causing a lot of people to be like, oh, this is a conspiracy.

They're colluding.

They're trying to create a cartel or a monopoly.

And so I think that's what people are debating.

They're both debating like, is the risk real?

I don't know all three of my.

Actually, I've heard Sam, by the way, is in the cars.

I don't, I do not know Sam.

I do not know Dario and I don't know Elon Musk.

Yeah.

Never met him.

Yeah.

So, but I would bet, I would bet that those guys are like,

genuinely concerned that if this stuff advances too fast, like, it's just the unknown.

I don't think they say, they would say, like, we definitely know this is going to happen.

Yeah.

But this stuff needs to be regulated.

And by the way, I also think it's valuable that we have open source models because I don't think all the power should sit in the world of three companies either.

But let's bring it back to racing.

I mean, pacing the frontier to me, you can, you can, there is a racing analogy, which is, you know, you can be, you can be going extremely quick.

without risking at all, right?

Correct.

And I've been on the track with you,

and you're driving at what you feel like

is a very, you know, comfortable pace.

And I might feel like, you know,

we're going to go into the wall.

But for you, that's your, you're fully in control.

You're still, you're quick.

But you're not going to risk it every corner.

What I do find interesting, though,

is when the quickest guys are then telling you,

the car is too fast.

we should slow it down a little bit

you probably might want to

I mean the halo and F1

the halo in F1 does

slow the car down it is extra weight

and yet it saves so many lives

you can see the video of Lewis Hamilton almost taking

a wheel and it hits the halo and he's fine

and yeah that's an example of

like the tradeoff

look I think what this really means

and I we've said this for a while

this stuff is going to be regulated

it is not it is go I think

if anything

the one fear is government

to overregulate things

but like when you have the best

equivalent of you have

if you had Landon Norris

Kimmy Antonelli

and Max for Stoppin

and Louis Hamilton and Charles

Leclerc

and Piaastry all saying

hey guys

we need to do some of this stuff

it may slow the race down a little bit

but we want to like we think it's important

you probably should listen

to them because you effectively

have the same thing and now happening with

these three companies.

And like, you probably should listen to them.

Now, again, it probably just means, it doesn't mean

that AI is not going to be important, that it's not going to

change the world and all this stuff. I think they're just

saying like, hey, we probably need

some regulatory frameworks. And by the way, I think

the Chinese, I credit these guys

are saying this actually, because I think

China is already thinking about this stuff. And I think

they've been thinking about this stuff for a while

on how to put in place properly

proper regulatory frameworks around AI.

Yeah.

Deep Seek Fathb.

Well, yeah.

And even the AI, the sell-off today I didn't understand because, I mean, I actually understand

why it's happening.

But if you read into their messages, it's not saying, it's not saying we don't want to still

go fast and still continue to innovate.

It's just that, you know, we don't want to hurdle off of a cliff.

Correct.

I think that they're just like we want to work as an industry to, you know,

But we want to work as an industry to make sure the proper frameworks are put in place.

Like, I mean, it's kind of crazy.

I mean, that we read that, like, you know, you read that, it was funny, like a month or two ago,

whenever the Open AI hacked, whenever the Open AI model hacked hugging face, like,

can you imagine if you read like, oh, sorry, like JP Morgan accidentally hacked Goldman Sachs?

Yeah, it's crazy, crazy storyline.

It's crazy.

It's sci-fi.

And I, yes. And so, like, I think that these guys, these people that run the guys and guys on these companies are like, some of them are probably like genuinely concerned. Like, and they're, listen, I'm not saying we got to stop. We're not saying we got to pause. Just like, let's make sure we're all on the same page and like, and where things are going. Um, you know, and by the way, there will be people that use these deferencely for sure. Um, it'll probably increase. But like, look, I mean, I've talked about it for a long time. I, it's still shocking to me.

that nobody's built in like the security world.

Like I think voice fraud is going to explode.

Yeah.

Like if you can recreate somebody's voice very easily, then think about what you can do by

using somebody's voice to, you know, to commit all types of fraud.

And I, yeah, Apple still hasn't fixed the, um, Ryan Peterson was talking about this this

morning or yesterday.

Apple hasn't fixed the phone call spoofing.

So you'll get a call from Google.

Oh, really?

And it says on your iPhone, Google.

No way.

But it's a scammer that's trying to get you to reset.

And if I wasn't aware that that was a thing, I would be much more likely to engage with somebody that's just calling from Google saying, hey, there's an issue with your account.

We got to reset the password.

So there's somebody of those.

I'm not.

We've made a couple of very successful cyber security investments.

You back, Doug Song and do a security.

he built a huge business,

Andrew Peterson and

digital sciences.

And literally, like,

I think that,

like,

the biggest risk today

might actually be

a cybersecurity attack.

Like,

the biggest global risk.

I mean,

think about it.

People get mad when for a day

or for, like,

three hours,

they can't buy an airplane ticket

on Delta because,

you know,

the crowd strike,

Microsoft update.

Now, imagine the internet

goes down for, like,

three days.

Yeah.

It would be a big,

big deal.

And that was what,

and that was what,

and that was what,

and that,

That was actually Dario's biggest shift was, you know, in the past, he's talked about, like, existential risk.

And there's a lot of people in Anthropic who have talked about, like, you know, wiping out of all humanity, which is such an extreme scenario.

You wind up having to deal with, like, well, what about people that aren't on Earth because they're in space?

Or what about people that are on remote islands and the Amish?

But he actually grounded it a lot more reasonably, just saying, like, I think that there is a small possibility that in the next year,

You could have a massive internet outage via a botnet that takes over the internet.

Yeah.

And that would be bad.

And that's much more tractable to get through.

It's like, oh, okay.

Like, yeah, you just get something that's misaligned and it just gums up all the systems

of everything.

And that's really annoying to everyone.

And you don't have to jump straight to like the most extreme sci-fi doomsday scenario.

Yeah.

To be like, yeah, let's avoid that.

Here's a question for you.

When do you think American venture capitalist banned together to create an American

bending spoons because you got to imagine that there's some frustration of like well we invest

hundreds to billions of dollars in these companies and then mr ferrari comes in and buys them

for pennies on the dollar it'd be nice if we were also the buyer of our bets that don't actually

achieve the you know tremendous outcome you're going to get joe lamont i don't know him i know of him

Joel Lamont ran a business called Trilogy Software that did it.

Back in the 90s and 2000s,

and by way, he tried to start his internet,

but he failed and he's built a giant business.

I don't know what's happening.

I mean, I know it's still a huge business,

but like somebody's going to do it in the States.

It's like, probably some of these are good businesses.

They're just to overcapitalize.

They were over.

Well, in my view, part of the reason why, like,

I think that Bending Spoons is going to print on a lot of these deals

is that there aren't a lot of buyers.

There aren't a lot of people that are willing to say, yeah, I'm going to spend a billion dollars for this company that's not growing anymore.

But when you're paying three times revenue and you can get a lot of efficiencies out of it.

When you're paying, look, if you're basically about a business where you pay three times revenues and you think you can run it for, you know, so you buy a hundred million our business for 300 million dollar business and you think you can run it with like 70 million of EBITDA or 60 million.

of EBITDA, well, then you basically paid yourself back.

I mean, that's an amazing free cash flow yield.

Yeah.

On it.

So these people are going to build like factories.

Somebody else is that you're going to, I think you'll, I'm actually surprised you haven't

seen more of them.

So, you know, private equity back once happened.

But there's a lot of investors, private equity, venture capitalists, buyout, you'll

everybody, like they just can't let go.

Sure.

Sometimes it's just like, hey guys, we've been in this thing for 15 years.

Yep.

Just sell.

Yep.

Like, who cares?

Just get out of this stupid thing.

Yep.

And I think that, I think that, I think people struggle with that.

Yeah.

I think people have been surprised by Benning Spoons because they're buying like not household names, but household names in tech as opposed to trilogy bought a lot of companies, but a lot of smaller businesses that were not high flying venture backed.

The founders been on podcasts.

now bending spoons is going and saying, let's get, you know, these companies that you know,

and we're hot and we're backed by tier one VCs.

And so it's just a different sort of flavor and narrative to it.

But I agree.

Someone in the chat, John Exley's calling out, Octave Capital.

Their friend, Jerry, potentially working on that.

And I think there's other people, too.

Yeah.

Interesting stuff.

There's a lot of assets they get to pick.

I can say that.

There's going to be a lot more, too.

There's going to be a lot more, I think.

look, there's going to be some of the world's greatest companies created over the next 20 years.

Who knows it for even the anthropics and open AIs of the world?

There might be companies that never even existed.

I've used this analogy, but like, how do we sit here in 99?

We wouldn't have talked about bite dance or Facebook or Snapchat or any of these things.

Social media is a $5 trillion in our market today.

Like I think the thing.

And then, you know, like a huge amount of people that are building new companies will fail.

I mean, it's just like the failure rate will be high and you'll have a few.

you, but like the prize is gigantic for the guys that win.

And so, but yeah, you know, there's a lot of companies from 2012 and 2015 and 2018

sitting around in 2022 and it will be 25 in a few years that people don't know what to do with.

Yeah, I think a lot of the founders want to move on, start a new company, do something that's

with a fresh team.

And we actually saw it with betting spins.

One of the companies that they acquired was able to spin out their AI products, experimentation

division, take the founders, some key employees who want to.

to go on that journey. Other folks were able to stay with the business, and there's a whole

different story and chapter emerging. But always great to catch up. Thanks so much for

helping on the show. We'll talk to you soon, Mitchell.

stocks, options, bonds, crypto treasuries, and more with great customer service. And I'm also going to

tell you about MongoDB. What's the only thing faster than the AI market, your business on MongoDB.

Don't just build AI own the data platform that powers it.


---


And we have some very special guests joining us right now.

We have Bill Rosenthal and Gilbert from Acquired.

I'm not even going to call it the Acquired podcast.

I think it's just acquired.

We need to adjust the cameras a little bit.

But thanks so much for being here.

Congratulations on all the progress.

What's the latest in your world?

You know, talking about home improvement.

Yes.

David and I have spent a lot of time doing DNA.

You knew what was going to be viral this weekend.

and you were like, everyone's going to want to get away from AI psychosis,

touch graphs, and go to Home Depot.

We actually have already gotten a comment on our Home Depot episode just came out.

Thank God something that's my mind off the AI.

How did you pick Home Depot?

What stuck out to you about the company?

Was it just the next one in the queue?

Or was there something that drew you to this company in particular that got your wheels turning?

I know you found a lot of interesting stuff during the process.

But what was the inciting element?

So it's like a top five listener requested episode.

There's probably a lot of people thinking, that's a boring company.

I don't know why they did it.

But we would get emails every week, David, for the last two, three years, saying, when are you going to do Home Depot?

Okay.

And where did you start?

What was the initial research process?

Well, the most curious thing is how large it is.

Yeah.

I mean, every giant retailer does everything.

Walmart, Costco, Amazon, these are general retailers.

Home Depot is a specialty retailer, but somehow is worth fluctuating between $300 billion and $350 billion.

Because home improvement is just an absolutely enormous category.

And they own, depending on how you sort of frame the market, like 50% of the market.

Yeah.

And so they sort of, they picked the most interesting category to be in.

And then they built a business that had scale economy so they could negotiate the best prices, do the most volume.

And so they're this giant business in a giant category.

Is the only source of strength scale economies?

Has that been the story the whole time?

Or is the brand also important?

Like what else plays into?

College game day, baby.

College game day.

Okay.

No, brand has been very important.

Lots of things.

I mean, the, come back to that in a sec, but we picked it for the reasons Ben said.

Yeah.

But then when we got into researching, we realized Home Depot is actually the greatest total returning stock,

public, U.S. public stock since the day it went public.

So, like, you could have bought any other stock, Apple, Nvidia, Microsoft, whatever, on any other day.

Since 1981.

Since 1981.

Since 1981, when Home Depot went public, you would not make as much money as you would have if you had bought Home Depot on the day of its IPO.

They beat Domino's?

I thought Domino's.

I thought Domino's.

Monsters is up there, too.

Monsters is good.

Yep, yep.

Monsters number two.

Even if you bought Nvidia on IPO Day in 1998, nothing will exceed your total return with dividends reinvested.

Oh.

Compared against buying Home Depot on IPO day in 1981.

So there were people that put it in $1,000 and what do they have now?

$17 million.

$17 million from a $1,000 investment.

And it feels like is Home Depot because it has a consumerish brand, does it actually attract a different cohort of investors?

Like, is it, is the actual investor base more diversified?

Are there more employees who participated in that?

Yes.

So they had this strategy that one of the unique things they did early on was instead of recruiting employees that you would for any retailer, you know, Walmart employees, they recruited former tradespeople.

So plumbers, electricians, people that could actually help you with your home project.

And the goal is, hey, if you buy, you know, a successful toilet and you manage to install it yourself, you're probably going to get interested in redoing a bathroom or building a shed or.

or an ADU or something.

And their goal was to kind of level you up.

And they were in a category

where they could take someone

who was originally in to buy a 10-cent washer

and eventually turn them into a $100,000 customer.

That doesn't really exist anywhere else in retail.

And because they could do that,

they kind of bet the company on being able to do it.

And so they built this whole engine around

this like shoot the moon strategy

of we're going to get really big,

we're going to get big fast, and we're going to motivate our entire employee base to do so.

So even back in 1980, they were giving out compensation to employees, like retail employees on the

floor in the form of stock.

Wow.

These people became like multi-millionaires.

That's awesome.

Yes.

How important are the founders to the story?

How singular is the founding story versus potentially a violation of the Great Man theory of history?

take me through the role of the founders and that journey because, yeah, basically till today.

Yeah, I mean, Home Depot is crazy because Bernie Marcus was the CEO and sort of the primary person,

but it was this team and they all had different superpower.

So it was Bernie Marcus, Arthur Blank, who owns the Atlanta Falcons today,

a guy named Pat Farah, who was the merchandiser.

And then Ken Langone, some folks listening might know who Ken Langone is.

He was an investment banker, but he was one of the co-founders.

And it was all part of this strategy, right?

So, like, Ken took the company public when it was basically a year old, two years old, at this tiny valuation because he could.

And then he helped architect.

$32 million.

There's a $32 million market cap at IPO.

Wow.

And is that just like, is that just his unique ability as an investment banker to get that deal done?

Because we've seen smaller IPOs happen through like,

And there's some oddities out there in the market where I could see, you know, oh, if this company,

thousand X is, it could be a crazy story.

I've actually been surprised that we haven't seen a super subscale company do an IPO in this

in this market, right?

Because you could imagine if you just took, for example, three decently smart AI, you know,

researchers and you put them in a vehicle and took it public.

Yeah, but it would go public at 10 billion already.

so you don't have the upside.

You can't.

Like, there's no scenario.

I'm saying, but like,

$32 million IP.

Well, okay, yeah, yeah,

that's correct.

But,

but at least the bankers

would be able to price it

much, much lower than that,

and then it would trade up to,

you know,

some insane.

And it would,

right now there's too much incentive

for venture capitalists to say,

don't, don't do that.

That'd be crazy.

Let me give you $500 million dollars

and you can take some secondary

or whatever.

There's a lot of reasons not to do it.

A robust private market financing,

especially not for a retail concept.

I mean, retail concepts, they're capped, right?

How big could it possibly get?

But they sort of invented this, like, giant category and then took half of it.

And it almost happened with the VC dynamic almost happened with Home Depot because

Ken Langone got famous because he took Ross Perrault's company public, like EDS.

And so when he and Bernie and Arthur were starting Home Depot, Ken took him to Ross and was like,

oh, we'll just get my buddy Ross.

to finance this thing.

And Ross,

there was a deal on the table.

Ross Perrault was going to own 70% of Home Depot

and bankroll the whole thing at 70%,

which today would be worth about $230 billion.

Yeah.

And the whole thing blew up

because Ross tried to dictate

the type of car that Bernie and Arthur were going to drive.

They drove Cadillacs.

And Ross Perot, you can't make this shit up.

Ross was like,

it was like, my guys,

don't drive Cadillacs, they drive Chevroles.

If you're going to drive a Cadillac, that's going to be a problem for me.

Okay.

And so the Home Depot guys walked away.

It is sort of seemingly kind of random to be Cadillac guy building.

You have to remember that back then, like, a Cadillac was like a Mercedes G-Wagon and a Chevy

was like a Ford Taurus.

Like the brands have now coalesced.

I know, but still, it doesn't seem like, it doesn't, I don't think of Cadillac as like the.

It was like, oh, you're.

spending money. Yeah, but you're running a home

improvement contractor supply

business. No, Cadillac was what you'd get around on Wall Street on.

It's a limousine company. No, but I just think

that's notable. They're not driving like an F-150 or whatever. Because the

founders, including Ken, they weren't home improvement guys.

They were retail guys who saw the opportunity in this category

had gotten into it in another company in the past and then started

Home Depot. Home Depot was basically their prior company

matched up with Costco.

They knew Saul Price, who had started Costco.

They saw what Saul was doing with Costco in San Diego, and they were like, oh, we can do this same thing with home improvement and it all crush.

What was their rotisserie chicken?

If you want my money, you got a larp.

You have to larp as blue collar.

What was their rotissary chicken?

Did they ever think doing a membership model, like Costco?

Did they ever pull anything else from Costco?

They pulled a lot from Walmart, interestingly.

I mean, the obvious stuff they pulled from Costco, so it's going to be a giant warehouse.

we're not going to face the labels out.

You're going to have to go up to the palette and, you know,

just grab it off yourself, however it shows up in the palette.

There's those obvious parallels.

Interestingly, they got a lot from Walmart.

The employee compensation stuff they got from Walmart.

And then the, what was the other thing they got?

Oh, everyday low prices.

Okay.

Walmart sort of invented that idea of like things don't go on sale.

Sure.

It's just everyday low prices.

And obviously they moved away from that now.

But that was Home Depot's ethos for a while too.

Yeah, but no.

Was it up only? Was it up only or was there some dark days? Like, what was the first change?

The company almost completely died in 2006, seven, going into the pandemic crisis. But not for the reason you think. You would think like, oh, a home improvement company is probably falling apart because the macro is changing and actually housing's at the root of it. They had brought in leadership, a new CEO in 2000, who was just the first. The first, the first.

first few years were good, but then just absolutely the wrong person for the job. And the culture

got kind of messed up. The whole value proposition to customers became like less and less clear.

And they really tried to focus. It was a GE guy that came in. Really tried to focus on

Six Sigma. We're going to be as efficient as possible. We're going to have as few employees on the

floor as we can. We're not going to hire expensive, specialized employees. We're going to try to get more

general retail staff. And it really watered down the whole value proposition. And actually Frank

Blake, who became CEO in January 2007, is credited with saving the company. If you ask Ken Langone,

he said, Frank, absolutely saved the company. What was COVID like for Home Depot?

Crazy. The greatest thing that ever happened to them.

They grew. So you're saying they may have been behind it? Behind it. You're pointing fingers.

That would really be a conspiracy.

It built up an astonishing amount of supply chain and e-commerce readiness in the like three, four years leading up to it.

And, I mean, they just had so much capacity for everyone who was trapped at home, wanted to improve that space in their home, but also didn't really want to go to the store to get all of this stuff.

It was this, like, ridiculous, perfect thing that fell into their lap.

How do you square the fact that Home Depot has been on this tear, American?

seems to be very into these DIY projects, into building things.

There's been this, you know, centuries-long build-out of the American home.

And yet there's so many talking points about we can't build things in America that has a housing crisis.

There's not enough housing.

How can these two things coexist at the same time?

What's actually going on here?

Home Depot is the perfect end around this, at least in the early days, because it's DIY.

You don't need permits when you're just doing this yourself.

You don't need permission.

That was the whole ethos of the company.

Contractors and pros now are half the business.

Even still, it's mostly residential.

Yeah.

And a lot of that just skirts around all this bureaucracy.

Got it.

And I completely agree with you that America is not building enough housing,

especially single family homes.

We're building a lot of condos and townhomes.

But people want to live not necessarily in cities, but near cities and in single family homes.

And we aren't building many of those.

Home Depot is experience.

like the most ridiculously awesome secular tailwind from that ever because America has a giant

housing base that gets older every year. Oh yeah. The median age of a home is up like 15 to 20 years

versus when they were getting founded. And so for them it's just this like almost an annuity

that people need to be working on these old houses. So new homes don't need as many trips to Home Depot.

so you think Home Depot might secretly be behind the housing crisis.

Look, you're the conspiracy theory.

You can kind of put words in her mouth.

Behind you.

Wow, this goes way deeper than I thought.

It's the most powerful company in the world.

Forget the AI companies.

That's a side show.

You would have made more money investing in Home Depot than in India.

You know, you need to apply the skepticism that you apply to every AI leader's blog post to the Home Depot team, for sure.

Every move they made.

Did you guys do any?

guys do any projects to as part of your research process? Did you like try to, you add a fourth bedroom or

something in your house personally? I did some shopping trips. I didn't do a major project.

Every time I go, I'm back seven times. Like that retention, it's sort of like anti-churn. Like you can't

get out with just one trip because you go and you're, oh, I need a different nail. I need a different

screw. And then you're back there a couple times. There's so many beautiful dynamics to it. This is

it. Like, you know, at least for the DIYs and for the pros, jobs can't stop. You know, if, you know,

If you're trying to get something done on a weekend yourself or if you're a pro, it's your job during the, you run out of nails.

You've got to go to the Home Depot.

Yeah.

What is the retail footprint strategy?

Have they been just growing the number of locations?

No.

Continuously?

Have they been consolidating?

Is this a leading question?

Do you know the answer?

It's nuts.

Okay.

Home Depot grew stores like crazy.

I mean, seriously, it was like the original blitzscaling company from 1970.

until 2006.

And we're not talking like McDonald's scale, but we're talking thousands of stores?

2300 stores.

2300 stores.

Okay.

And then they stopped.

Okay.

Dead stop in 2007.

And they essentially didn't build another store until two years ago.

Whoa.

Wow.

That's crazy.

And was that just because they were going to that?

Driven so much of the performance because you have like, you know, one of your primary

costs of, you know, all this CAPX.

And then suddenly you're like, no, we're pretty much good.

We have our, you know, storefronts.

And they just focused on e-commerce buildout and building more fulfillment centers

and specialized fulfillment centers for e-commerce.

And it was this like, okay, we already have most of the good real estate.

We're just going to focus on store efficiency and building all of this fulfillment

supply chain stuff.

And now they've started building again.

They're like, okay, we took, what was it, a decade and a half off and time to build.

It's like they went to all the other leaders in the space, told them let's just stop the expensive capbacks right now, make sure the margins are in a good place so we can get out, perform in the public markets, you know, tinfoil down here.

They want to paste the frontier.

That's what they're doing.

Pace the frontier of their retail expansion.

Is there, but on the structure of their actual retail footprint, is there a similar, you know how people will McDonald's?

And I think you've illuminated this a lot on like, is McDonald's just a real estate play?

like they own all the real estate.

What is that dynamic with McDonald's?

And then is that,

is it the same with Home Depot?

Like,

is there a value to a company of just, like,

getting a lot of retail space or, like,

owning a lot of buildings?

Or is that always just like a sideshow

that people put too much,

too much focus on?

I actually don't know for McDonald's.

The thing I do know for Home Depot is,

it's not like you just look at their real estate portfolio

and say, like, oh, that's half the market cap right there.

Sure.

But it does benefit them.

in that when they build a Home Depot somewhere, all this other stuff gets built around them.

Oh, yeah.

And then they don't have to go renegotiate the lease in 10 years or risk losing it to their competitor.

So they now do own all or most of the stores because it's sort of a durability thing.

What are some examples of things that get built up around them?

Like a HVAC repair shop or something?

Like what are you referring to there?

Food beverage.

They anchor shopping centers.

Oh, okay.

Okay, there might be a Best Buy across the street or something.

Yeah.

Okay.

Grocery stores.

Yeah.

It's not specific to what you need to do a home project.

They actually don't want you going anywhere else.

The whole strategy is if this should be your one-stop shop, we're going to stock an insane

amount of stuff and you shouldn't have to go anywhere else for your project.

I think that robotics are going to be another tailwind for them because if you assume that

if you assume that a humanoid and let's say like, you know, let's be generous with the timeline.

line a humanoid in like a thousand years 200 years no it depends how much we pay 10 years 10 years 10 years

assuming you're you're walking out of your house in the morning and you can tell your humanoid like hey

I actually want a fence there they'll just send a day building a fence right and it sounds crazy but

today we do a lot of digital work like this we're like hey I want to understand I want to build this

piece of software I want to do this this is going to transition into the real world and it's just

not that hard to imagine doing a lot more because you have this sort of like latent labor capacity

that you already have as like an individual, somebody, you know, with a house or whatever.

And you're going to probably want to do a lot more than if you have to coordinate with somebody

and then there's someone else's fee and all this stuff. So I think that's interesting.

And I think you're even more right than maybe you're thinking about because the logistics

for getting this stuff to your house is quite, you know.

unique. Like, imagine trying to put, you know, 3,000 pounds of lumber through the Amazon

logistics system. You know, and Amazon has built out some side channels to be able to do this,

but this is all that Home Depot has been investing in for the last 20 years when they haven't

been building stores is this. Like, you can get 3,000 pounds of lumber in two hours at your house.

Have there been any, like, misadventures where... I actually need lumber.

They've considered, like, going up market or going into...

potentially like home decoration, furniture.

There's a whole bunch of adjacencies that could be opportunities, but also risks.

Yeah, so the biggest one is HD supply.

In early 2000s, they bought a bunch of companies and tried to sort of squish them together

and then make this distribution business, like a different way to distribute to pros,

pro contractor outside of using our physical store footprint.

That ended up being this like big distraction.

They needed to spin it off.

Hilariously, a decade later, they ended up buying the most valuable part of it back,

and it actually is part of the business now that they're sort of ready to do that expansion.

Interesting.

The other one is China and international.

Just the culture around DIY and home improvement is not the same in most places of the world,

and definitely not the same in China.

So they tried to expand their footprint there and were basically unsuccessful?

They opened a dozen plus stores,

maybe dozens of stores.

And yeah, interestingly, in China, it's not cool to be working on your house on your own.

Like, why can't you hire someone to do that for you?

The wealthy people want to live in cities, which don't really need much DIY.

Sure.

So it's a very different.

Buildings are new.

Yeah.

Seems very un-American over there.

I don't get it.

Potentially, a completely different country.

Lowe's is roughly, has like roughly a third of the market cap.

Was there ever a period where they were more neck and neck?

Obviously, yeah, break, breakdown, maybe that,

like the most kind of competitive period

before they seemingly kind of ran away with it.

So Lowe's is over a century old.

It was Lowe's market for the longest time,

and Home Depot started, you know, many decades into Lowe's existence

and then just went, shooop,

and basically discovered this new business model

of giant warehouse store,

five times the amount of square footage

that Lowe's or any of these other sort of regional chains

at the time, essentially hardware stores had.

And it turned out that your ROI on a giant store

that had everything was much higher

than your ROI on a bunch of little stores

that had a limited number of things.

And so Lowe's, to their credit,

when Home Depot passed them in 1989,

Lowe's really woke up to this and said,

okay, we're completely changing our whole business.

And so they started shutting down the old store concepts and building basically Home Depot clones at first.

And then they kind of develop their own twist on them.

But that's why they're so similar today.

Interesting.

Do you have an idea for how Home Depot's e-commerce penetration maps to other physical stores like a Walmart?

Like it just feels like the urge to, I need this particular nail.

I'm going there right now.

The project must go on.

I would assume that Home Depot, even if they've been successful in e-commerce, they haven't been as successful at shifting the revenue there as other retailers.

But what's actually happened?

So the sleight of hand there that you did unintentionally is for most people, most retailers, e-commerce equals delivery.

Yeah.

And that is not true at Home Depot.

An enormous amount of their e-commerce is in-store pickup.

because in your case, you know, you're home, you're doing the project, you have the wrong size nails, but like you're four hours to finish this project.

You got a family, you got to go do TBPN stuff.

Yep.

And so you're not really willing to wait the extra hour to have it delivered to you.

You're just getting in the car, but you want to know that when you get there, it's going to be ready for you.

It's going to be super easy to pick up.

So I don't remember the exact set, but it might be like half of their e-commerce is actually pickup.

Yeah.

I wonder where all this goes because I recently did.

DoorDash something from Best Buy.

And it was an amazing experience because it was faster than me driving to Best Buy and

back because they found a local driver who was able to just pick it up.

So there was like no way that I could ever outperform it because...

That was the first time you ordered like local delivery or...

I mean, it was just, it was the first time I ordered delivery that wasn't like food.

John discovers, discovers getting a product delivery.

I'm wondering if they're more optimistic on that or drone delivery or anything else.

Like, do you have any idea of where the current management team is seeing?

the future of home people?

Like, what are they actually excited about?

Because sometimes it's just e-commerce,

sometimes it's basic AI stuff,

sometimes it's new delivery trends.

Like every management team always has like a stump speech

for like where they think things are going.

And maybe it takes a couple of years to get there,

but what are they excited about?

Well, a huge focus of the company

and most of their growth for the past decade or so,

COVID excluded,

has been from pros, from contractors.

And getting bigger and bigger contracts.

and builders more deep into their supply workflows.

And e-commerce is actually a big part of this, too.

A lot of the smaller contractors, residential GCs,

they're already, Home Depot is their primary just-in-time supply

and increasingly, like, their main supplier.

But if you think about, like, really big builders,

multifamily, commercial, you know, cranes, big stuff.

Um, historically, Home Depot has not been penetrated into that.

They've been penetrating a lot more into that.

So now, now you need like corporate relationships.

Uh, you need like orders aren't just like coming to the store.

You need to be able to deliver it or go to the store, but it all needs to be in a very

different enterprise kind of system.

Yeah.

But it's not drones.

Like it's not any of the thing you were just saying.

It's AI a little bit.

They talk a lot in their annual report about the ways they're using AI to better help people

find the right products that they want and use the web plate and build their IT

systems and all that, but they sell big heavy stuff.

Yeah.

I'd be a little worried if they were like, we're getting into drone delivery.

It's like, oh, I'm happy to hear you're going to be flying lumber.

What are you to be the last?

Yeah, your last.

Rentals is a big part of their business.

So you think about you need a concrete mixer.

You need some kind of specialized tool.

You need a backhoe.

Yeah.

Okay.

So I needed this episode to happen.

Nick over there was work for us.

to happen like two weeks ago because I got a bunch of dirt delivered.

I wanted my my oldest has like an electric dirt bike thing.

And I was like, well, he's got an electric dirt bike.

He needs a track.

So I got all this dirt delivered thinking, oh, it's going to, I'm just going to, you know,

use a shovel or whatever.

I start getting out there with a shovel.

And it's like, okay, now I'm basically doing kettlebell exercises for four hours straight,

like moving dirt around.

I even had Nick on our team stop by to hang out.

And I was like, get ready to shovel some dirt.

Felt bad about that one.

But I was not even aware that I could just get that equipment delivered.

Question from the chat.

Is the smell natural or is it engineered?

Because that feels like it's a part of the brand now.

And so it's something they need to, like if they lose that,

like they lose all the nostalgia and all the memories that kind of come flooding back when you walk in there.

Is the smell mostly sawdust?

Is that what it is?

I don't know.

Anyway, what do you think?

Do you want to tell the store opening?

Yeah, yeah.

So I don't know about the smell today.

I assume it is intentional, if not engineered.

But in the early days, there's a famous story about the first two store openings.

The store managers thought they were going to surprise everybody and, like, do a really fun thing for the store opening.

They hired a cleaning crew to come in and polish the floors the night before.

and then the founders come in at like four in the morning and they lose their tops.

And they're like, what are you doing?

These need to be action places.

We can't have polished floors.

And so they grabbed a bunch of forklifts and started like skidding them around the floors.

No way.

And they sprinkled stod us all over the place.

No way.

Wow.

Yeah, that's super thoughtful.

Last question for me.

What, I feel like you guys are fantastic at finding archival images, just odd.

documents. Was there anything from this process that stuck out as, um, like your favorite piece of

Home Depot lore or fun fact or obscure image or document or something like that?

Yes. So we, uh, we launched a new website this year. And we've been working with this fantastic

designer and she, uh, she found this, she launched this thing called artifacts. So if you go to, um,

acquire.com slash artifacts, you can see, or the artifacts.

we discovered from any given episode, she found the Moody's Manual from 1977 and 1978

that Ken Langone referenced when he looked at the original share price of Handy Dan,

which is where the founders worked before they started Home Depot, and it became interested

in their company. So, like, I thought we were pretty good at this, but what Ellie has found is

nuts in terms of some of the old stuff that she's doing for our artifacts page.

Some of these annual reports are super, super cool.

The visual design of the first annual report, so much imagery there.

I feel like, I don't know, this would get like dunked on in the modern Arabian, like too many images, not enough facts, but I think it tells the story really clearly.

This is Acquired.fm slash artifacts slash Home Depot, the team's showing it on screen right now.

What acquired episode should people go listen or relisten to to have some historical...

What's the companion piece?

No, no, no.

Oh, Costco, for sure.

No, I was going to say historical context for this moment in AI where in tech where there's like extreme tension, extreme infighting.

You know, people that are generally aligned on a bunch of things are suddenly deeply misaligned and have different interests.

anything that stands out.

This was before acquired episodes

were good, so I always hesitate to recommend

this one. We were still warming

up, but standard oil.

Oh, yeah. In like 2017,

18, we did

standard oil. I had a feeling. Yeah.

Yeah, that's good.

The other one I'd throw it out is

Lockheed. Lockheed. Okay.

Obviously, coming out of

the wars, World War II.

But, Last Supper.

Last Supper, consolidation.

of the defense industry.

Yeah, where the Secretary of Defense

gathers all the prime contractors around

at the end of the Cold War and says,

we are shrinking our procurement budget

and expected to shrink basically every year

for at least the next decade.

And so there's going to have to be less of you.

I don't have any say over antitrust,

so I'm not really advising you to do anything anti-competitive,

but you need to figure out how we have less mouths to feed.

And then sort of the punchline of the whole episode,

which we didn't know going in but discovered is Lockheed and the military industrial complex created Silicon Valley.

Like literally, Lockheed created the town of Sunnyvale.

Yeah, that's crazy.

And I think there were something like 10 times more employees working in the secret Lockheed missiles and space in Sunnyvale than the rest of the tech industry combined at the time.

I mean, it's like they literally brought everyone here and started it all.

All those early Silicon Valley startups selling chips, who do you think they were selling to?

They were selling to Lockheed and the military.

Yeah.

Wow.

Amazing.

Well,

we'll listen to those.

Great to see you both.

Let's hang out soon.

Let's hang out soon.

Great to see you guys.

Yeah,

have a good rest of your week.

We'll talk to you soon.

Goodbye.

Cheers, guys.

Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of IT, HR, and finance support,

giving employees instant resolution for access requests and password resets.

Our next guest is with us in the waiting room.

We'll bring in Farage.

from Cognchip, the founder and CEO.

Welcome to the show.

How are you doing?

Great to be here.

Thank you so much for having me.

Thanks for hopping on.

Since it's the first time on the show,

I'd love for you to kick us off

with an introduction on yourself and the company.

Sure.

Thank you for so often the opportunity.

My name is Faragellai.

I'm the founder and CEO of Cognitip.

I've been in this industry for over 40 years,

the last 30 of it in

overnight success.

Yeah.

Yeah, I started when I was only two years old, guys.

Straight out of the crib.

Exactly, yeah.

Prior to founding this company, I founded a semiconductor company back in the late 90s,

took it public on NASDAQ.

Then I took another startup, built it up, and took it public in NYAC in 2017,

sold it in 2019 to Marvell,

semiconductors. I went on for two, three years and did investing, you know, helping other entrepreneurs get their ship off the ground. And that's when I learned enough about AI to kind of have the light go on and see, realize that perhaps with AI I could actually solve some of the issues that I had as an entrepreneur building two semiconductor companies. And that's really kind of like spend the mission for me now in last two and a half years.

Amazing.

What is your process for finding opportunity and how has it changed?

Because are you looking at the applications of how people are using chips, where there's demand,

where the bottleneck is, and then going and working backwards to design a chip that improves things?

Like, you've been doing this for so long that it's clear that there's not a one-size-fits-all solution.

So what is your process for actually discovering opportunity?

Yeah. So, you know, a lot of times, you know, ideas that, you know, you're pursuing life come from your own experiences, right? So building these companies, over time, I started to realize that the cost of developing any kind of chip is just getting, you know, bigger and bigger. When I started my first semi-conduct company, I raised 50 million. When I took it public, I had 17 left in the bank still.

The second one, I raised $200 million, and frankly, I took it public because I didn't want to do another private round.

I wanted to just go public and raise public money.

And now it takes several hundred million dollars to do a chip.

Chip cost of developing chips is skyrocketed.

Complexity has gone up.

Time it takes to build a chip, to design a chip.

It's two to three years.

And then it takes another year or so to get your customers up and running with it.

Five, year, six, you start to make some money.

And the problem is that the software is moving so fast that leaves chips behind by almost six years, right?

And so we need to close that gap.

And the third problem in our industry has been that we have diminishing number of electrical engineering students graduating to keep up to good work as the industry grows.

So we have, you know, diminishing resources, more complexity in the chips, higher costs, and longer time.

and we're completely getting out of sync with software.

So my thought process was, as I was learning more about AI,

by investing in AI companies and learning from other entrepreneurs in that field,

that there was a great intersection of these two really awesome technologies

to be able to solve all that problem,

collapse that time by a large factor, reduce the cost it takes to do a chip.

And then we can do these chips a lot faster,

and that gets the software going faster, right?

So you get this essentially is flywheel working.

And so it led to the idea of building a frontier model lab that focuses only on semiconductors.

So unless other large frontier labs that are working on general intelligence, I set out to build artificial intelligence for chips.

So we call it ACI, artificial chip intelligence.

And giving that focus and that.

that particular sliver of the world knowledge required really to bring together, you know,

scientists from math and physics and pair them up with people who have 20, 30 years experience

actually designing chips.

You know, people in this company on the chip side have done hundreds of tapeouts, which is

the process of completing a chip and sending it to a fabrication facility.

And then bring in other software people that can kind of encapsulate all.

of that knowledge and capability in an enterprise class product that then chip designers can use

to make the chip design a lot faster.

What a lot of people don't realize is that 90% of the time in the chip business, our engineers

are spending, doing things that can be done by these models now, right?

And so what need to do is to get those folks, instead of wasting their time, to be on the

creative side where they can think about new products, new markets, new capabilities,

and then use this essentially these digital designers to help them get the project through.

So that's been really a passion of mine for the last two and a half years.

We've had a bunch of new chip startups on the show,

and you were kind of mentioning this earlier,

just like how significant the timeline is to get from concept to tape out to,

you know, powered and actually doing workloads.

how much like these startups are taking some amount of technical risk obviously execution risk but then there's the other technical risk of like is the architecture still going to be relevant by the time and can I scale up my production enough we had a founder on the team yesterday that pretty much all the labs and the hyperscalers are saying like I don't just need to know that this is going to work and be relevant when when you're ready I need to know that you can hit you know gigawatt scale

scale. So how much, right now it feels like there's just demand everywhere. And so these companies are

getting funded and they're getting kind of pilots and stuff like that. But how much do you worry about

the sort of technical risk that these teams are taking on knowing that every, there's so many

different players that are going to be innovating over the next five years that by the time they

actually are ramped up, will there be, will there be a real market for them?

And honestly, you put your finger on one of the toughest,

jobs for people in the industry.

When we start a brand new project, whether you're in a small company or in a startup,

when you start a new project and you know that this chip is not going to go in production

for another five years, I mean, nobody on the planet has that kind of clarity five years

from now what is needed, right?

Because the world is changing and, you know, we're all limited as human being about

how far in advance we can see and analyze.

And so the risk you're taking.

taking on

acceptability of this device in the market

is one of the overriding things.

And the way we deal with it in the ship business,

we've used to deal with it, is

recognizing it's going to take five, six years to get there

is we pack these devices with a lot of things

that may or may not be necessary.

But it's sort of like our insurance policy

and essentially hedging against what might change in the industry, right?

And so it's a very, very tough place to be

because the chips get bloated, their power consumption

goes up, their cost is.

unnecessarily high.

And even with all of that, you don't really know whether you're going to get there and there's

going to be a, you know, your hunt is not, whether a hunter is going to, the dog is going to hunt

or not.

So with, by collapsing the time in the time, you know, the collapsing time that it makes to do a chip,

you're actually getting rid of all of those unknowns.

You're increasing the probability of you hitting the market dynamics that you want at the time

you want with the right kind of power and performance.

And that we have not had in semiconductor industry for a very, very long time as shifts have gotten more complex.

And my vision is and what I love to do is to be able to return our industry back to a point where, like I did with my first company, you know,

four or five of us went to Sand Hill Road, raised a reasonable amount of money and were able to bring a chip to the market and, you know, and get it deployed and take a company.

of like that possibility needs to return back to our industry to bring the innovation back and frankly

keep up with the world that is now woken up with the ship thing and they want to you know we're going

to have a lot more competition than the world scale right and so we need these kinds of innovations

to get us there in some months there's been a variety of teams working on math specific models

and it's been interesting over the last you know month or so as we've seen generalist models

actually go out and solve some of the most, you know, important open problems and, you know,

we saw Navier Stokes and everything.

Why do you think that semiconductor design is going to work out differently than, you know,

and why is somebody going to be able to go zero to one with a new chip, with a cognitive chip,

and not with a more generalist model?

Is that because of having the right, you know, data sources, you know,

How do you sort of compete over time, assuming that the frontier will just continue to advance?

So the models are as good as the data that you use to train them.

If they've never seen enough for the examples, then they actually don't know how to get it done.

And so no amount of reasoning is going to get you to something you've never seen.

Right?

So it's very fundamental that you use the data from your industry to train these.

models. The reason large-scale

LLMs are not good in chip design is because

chip design data

as an open source is actually not available.

Very little of it available. And what's available

is not very useful, frankly. So what you need to do is to start

from ground zero and build

data sets that can be used to train a model. And then you

train that model with that data. So the knowledge is inside

the model. The reasoning is inside the model.

And in that way, a specific model trained on a specific technology becomes very, very powerful, right?

So the reason, for example, software, these LLMs do a good job in software, because for the last 30 some odd years,

software has had a history of having open source data widely available.

And that's why a lot of these large frontier models do pretty well in software because they're all essentially consuming the same data.

That doesn't exist for semiconductors.

And we're the first company that actually took that on.

And for the last two and a half years, has been building a data mode that we think today is the largest data set in the industry for semiconductors.

So if you train them on the right data, then they get the right intelligence.

But that's also kind of not frankly enough because semiconductor industry is the process of getting a chip from idea formation to architectural innovation all the way out to something physical that, you know, it's going to have transistors that are physics items, right?

All put together and working well requires complete understanding of the workflow that a mature semiconductor industry goes through to ensure that everything will.

works. You know, when we talk about putting hundreds of billions of transistors on a piece of silicon

and they work, they work because not one of them can be misplaced, right? So you can't, you know,

make things up. It's not like poetry. It's not like, you know, talking about some trip planning, right?

It needs to be, you need to bring that precision and that precision of workflow really can come

from people who've done it and putting them alongside the mathematicians who can use to train. And that's,

That's all like how we built this company out.

We wanted to do the hard work because we think this is going to be, for a long run,

a fundamental way that we're going to design chips.

Our industry cannot go on taking four years to design a chip and cost hundreds of millions of dollars

and not know whether there's going to be a good market for it or not.

That's not sustainable.

That's not investable.

Yeah, it feels like we're going to have like biotech style or pharma style mechanics

where you have this massive, massive investment, and then it's like almost a coin flip on whether or not,

or worse, on whether or not there will actually be a market there, and it'll function and scale.

You said you raised $50 million for your first company.

That was, it's still a lot of money, but it was definitely a lot more money back then.

What was the prehistory?

Why were you so successful on Sand Hill?

Yeah.

So this goes back to the day.

when people were using dialog bottoms, right?

And we were inventing this new way of building a chip

that was DSL technology.

It's the way broadband has served to many of our homes today.

And we had a good solid approach, a great team.

It was one of the funnest times of my life

when we were building that company.

And we went from opening the door

to having a chip in hand that we were selling,

and generating revenue, and we took the company public almost three years to the day we opened

the door.

That still holds the fastest record that semiconductor company has gone from inception to the

goal in public.

But in these kinds of things, you need to have a good idea, you need to have a great team,

you need to have good timing, you need to have good luck.

All of those came together for us, fortunately, in the first company.

And it just kind of all clicked, and it was we had a hell of a time doing it.

And so that's how it came about.

On the second company, we built a product for data centers.

So data centers at the time were transitioning from one gig to 10 gig.

And we built those world's first 10 gig chips.

And that was the success there.

So this time, I'm not building a chip, but I'm building a system that helps everybody else build chips faster.

Amazing.

Makes sense.

Very, very cool.

we'd love to have you back on as you continue to make progress and it's amazing to meet you.

Yeah. Thanks so much for helping on the show. Thank you. Also, give us, what's the, what's the art on

the wall that the chat was asking about? Is that Tom Brady? That's Tom Brady. I'm a big Patriots fan.

Nice. So, yeah, Tom Brady all the way and the paths.

Amazing. There you go. I bet you could get Tom in the next round. Yeah, you might be doing some of

there. It would be fun.

make it happen. Awesome. Great to be you. I'll talk to you soon. Good talk to thanks.

whether you're writing code, analyzing data, creating content, or automating business workflows.

Codex helps you move projects forward from start to finish. We've got some breaking news.

What's the breaking news? The president just phoned Jensen live on stage at the All-N summit.

Whoa.

Jensen was on stage? Yeah. Or the president was on stage and he gets a call from Donald Trump

Trump says the great thing about Jensen is that he can create the best AI chip in the world,

but can't figure out how to put me on speakerphone.

What?

That's a wild, wild thing.

Very big, big moment.

So, anyways, that's crazy.

Apparently, yeah, Mike Isaac says, okay, wow, per folks there, Trump called Jensen in the middle of his interview.

He was on stage and Jensen put the phone on speaker phone.

Well, okay.

Jensen, thank Trump for his social media post this morning pouring cold water on alarmism.

Yeah, Jensen's been anti-dume for this entire cycle.

We'll see where it all goes.

I'm sure there'll be more.

Brad Gersner chimed in.

Does we have a new?

Oh, there's a video.

Do we want to play the video?

Trump calling Jensen live on during the all-in pod interview.

And, I mean, we just read it out.

So I think you know what's going to happen.

But this is a wild moment.

He is that Jensen can develop the most complex computership in the world that nobody can copy

but take you.

But he can't figure it out and book me on speaker phone.

He is on speakerphone.

I think he must have had a hard time getting it set up.

Okay.

You're now talking to the planet.

The great thing about life is that Jensen can develop the most complex.

It's the joke again.

An odd joke.

Okay, well, anything substantive come out of it.

I'm sure we'll know more tomorrow.

We'll be back.

We'll be back at 11 a.m. Pacific.

Thank you for tuning in.

Leapis 5 stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

I'm off to go get some rest.

And we'll see you tomorrow.

We love you.

We love you.

We love you.