=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - High Interest Rate Phenomenon, Driscoll's China Bet Backfires, Who Votes on AI Safety? | Stephen Colbert & Josh Kline, Jim VandeHei, Steve Menneto, Matthew Wilson, Rune Kvist, Tyler Bahl, James Cadwallader
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/high-interest-rate-phenomenon-driscolls-china-bet-backfires-who-votes-on-ai-safety-stephen-colbert-josh-kline-jim-vandehei-steve-menneto-matthew-wilson-rune-kvist-tyler-bahl-james-cadwallader
Datum: 2026-09-16
Länge: ~179k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TBPN Ultradome,

the Temple of Technology, the Fortress of Finance, the Capital of Capital. It's been too long,

save both. He's used corporate cards, bill pay, accounting, and a whole lot more all in one place.

Eric Glyman had to issue an apology to... Absolutely nobody. No, no, no. You use. You

You didn't see this?

Really?

Yeah.

No, Eric Lyman had to issue an apology to the United Kingdom to the residents of the UK

because they've been waiting so long for ramp.

And ramp expanded into the UK.

But now he's going to have to issue an apology to me because that's a pretty un-American thing to do, honestly.

Let's keep our fintechs, like, domestic, in my opinion.

I don't know why we need to be going over there and doing business.

Yeah, not a man of it.

Yeah, not a ban.

No.

Congratulations to the whole team going global, taking over the world.

very exciting stuff.

Well, the top thing on my mind today is figuring out what's going on with interest rates,

the high interest rate phenomenon.

We've had zero interest rate policy, ZERP, the ZERP era ended.

Now we're in the HIRP.

I don't think we should say that one.

That doesn't sound very good.

But the high interest rate policies, the high interest rate phenomenons are upon us.

What's going on?

It's very obvious.

what's going on. Take one look at the chart. It's the war. You can see the U.S. attacks Iran in the beginning of

2026. Interest rates are low. We should pull up this chart from the Wall Street Journal. It gets more

dramatic every time they show this chart. This one right here, Jordi. Take a wild guess.

What's driving interest rates? It is, of course, the war, which starts there, and then boom,

up into the right from then on. But there's other questions about what's going on. Is AI?

the build out having an effect here? What else is going on within this data? Why is it happening?

And does war always lead to higher interest rates? That was something that was on my mind.

So I wanted to get into that. It's obviously bad for everyone. It's bad for the US government

because they have to refinance debt and pay interest and that puts stress on all the other things

that the government wants to do with money from health care, pensions, even funding the military.

like if they're paying interest, they're not paying for other stuff.

That's not good.

Bad for the prospects of the American home buyer.

Interest rates are now above 7% getting very unaffordable for lots of people.

And also a lot of mortgages are rolling over.

So the era of like the 3% mortgage, less and less people still have those because people are either

moving on to floating rate mortgages or moving out of interest locked periods.

There's a whole bunch of dynamics there.

And it's even bad for AI companies.

So everyone hates this because the AII companies, of course, even though they have an ungodly amount of money,

they need to raise more money to finance billed out and finance data centers and finance expansion.

And so not good for anyone.

How do you get out of it?

Maybe end the war, but there are other things at work.

This war is unique.

I mean, it's not that war causes interest rates to go up.

It's war causes energy shortages, which causes inflation, and inflation bleeds into everything.

So pain at the pump turns into...

I need a raise for this.

I need to raise prices on food.

I need to raise prices on all sorts of things.

Energy is, of course, a key input into everything.

Why I am so against pacing the energy rollout.

Like, every year, for the past, like, 10 years, the, I forget what it is, the I,

IEA or something, there's a body that forecasts energy build out, specifically in solar.

And they've gotten it wrong every year for 10 years.

they've underestimated the growth of solar.

You've seen this chart, right?

The International Energy Agency.

Is that it?

Yeah.

I, I, I, EA.

Yeah.

So every year, they'll be like, okay, we had a great year last year.

We're going, we're going parabolic.

We're up into the right.

But clearly, we're not going to build more solar.

People are going to get sick of this stuff.

And then the next year, we build even more solar than we predicted.

And so you can look at this chart of the predictions and then how we blow them out.

So that is something that we want to clearly keep working on because

it will bring down inflation, bring down costs of basically everything.

It will be very deflationary, and it'll allow us to do all sorts of new things.

But this war is specifically driving energy prices, because, of course, oil transported through the Strait of removes is a key pressure point for control of the conflict, and that drives up inflation, which hurts the value of treasury bonds, causing yields to spike.

And so that's why they're above 5%. It's the first time, I believe, since 2007, that they've been this high.

So not good. It doesn't always go this way, though. I wanted to understand, does war or war,

even just war in the Middle East, does that always cause interest rates of spike? It makes sense.

It's an expensive thing. It's a capital suck. It's depressing in many, many ways. There's a whole

bunch of economic reasons why you could think that war would cause interest rates to spike, but does that

always happen? So during Gulf War I, which I didn't realize this, but we have a son of a veteran

on our team.

So thank you for his service.

But during Gulf War I, there was a textbook oil shock.

So Iraq invaded Kuwait on August 2nd of 1990.

The U.S. military buildup began basically immediately, and the Desert Storm Offensive

started January 17, 1991.

So about six months between the initial conflict over there, the U.S. gets involved.

What happens when the U.S. gets involved?

interest rates spiked and interest rates were already 8.29% already pretty high, but they spiked to over 9.05% and less than a month because everyone's like, oh, well, there's going to be less oil. Kuwait generates a lot of oil. Oil is going to be knocked offline. That's going to flow through the economy the same way, energy prices, inflation, etc., the usual playbook. But six months later, they were lower than the start of the war sitting at 8.03%. There were some other things going on in the economy, obviously,

But basically, like, that war did not last so long.

It had a much more tight ending.

And so there was less pressure on interest rates.

The Afghanistan war played out in reverse.

So immediately before the invasion, the 10-year was at 4.52%.

Yields fell to 4.22%.

You could imagine that there's some sort of like optimism around like, oh, this will be a quick operation.

This won't be a quagmire.

Of course, the opposite happened.

So six months into the war, the 10-year hit 5.25% up significantly, up basically three-quarters of a percent since the start of the offensive.

And so the end result of that is that now Warsh, the new Fed chairman, is in a tough spot.

The markets expect a rate hike to bring inflation down.

So the August consumer price inflation was at 3.4%.

The Fed actually prefers a different inflation measure called the PCE.

price index, that was at 3.7%. And so even by the Fed's preferred measure, inflation is running

too hot. Again, they're targeting something like 2%. And they're up at 3.7%. And then also you get

into this like, oh, well, like maybe it's just, maybe the inflation's just related to food

and energy because energy goes into food. You're trucking all the food around. Let's look at the

broader economy. So there is a separate price index for inflation excluding food and energy. And even

And that's a 3.3%. So that's too high. So there's really very, it's very, very tough to make a case for holding rates steady, even lowering rates, which is, of course, what lots of people want to see happen. It's very, very difficult. And the inflation is spilling over from energy into other parts of the economy. And it's basically just complicating the Fed's case for aggressive easing. So everyone's expecting a rate hike at this point. So what's the effect of AI on all of this? I think that AI

such a big driver of the economy, and yet it's having such small impacts in many ways.

The total AI revenues are something like a quarter percent of GDP still, but in terms of

headlines, it's like 75 percent of what we talk about.

And so, yeah, I guess you could see a couple orders of magnitude.

You get to 25 percent of the economy?

I don't know.

But today, the problem that's happening with rates specifically is that AI creates

investment demand before any productivity benefits arrive. And so we see this with like a trillion

dollars of CAPEX for like a couple hundred billion dollars of actual revenues. And so data centers

require financing, construction capacity, equipment, electricity. That spending happens today,

but broader productivity benefits take longer to diffuse. And so economists, there's specifically

a group of economists that have studied this, they describe AI as a source of upward pressure

on real rates and potentially prices during the compute buildout.

And Dylan Patel, Dorcasch have talked about this a little bit where, you know, compute

because there's high ROI, it tends to suck demand out of the investment community.

Like you look at what Jensen's doing, securitizing GPUs.

You look at the incredible demand for investment grade being attached to data center buildouts

with NVIDIA lending IG status to different companies.

for buildouts and backstopping different data centers.

That just means that if NVIDIA is there backstopping,

it means that certain funds that can only invest

in investment can now make that investment.

You don't need to go to a venture capitalist for it.

You can go to a mutual fund,

or you can go to eventually like an insurance fund

where there's a lot of happening.

I see where you're going with this.

What do you think?

You think Jensen should backstop the Fed?

Potentially, he might be the lender of last resort.

I was thinking you were going to do a bit about federal backstop for podcasting.

A lot of podcasters are spending a lot of money building sets, trying to get big guests.

Everyone knows my stance on that already.

Yeah.

So there's also this interesting indirect effect, which is that specifically on inflation, specifically on rates, during an AI boom, the stock market goes up.

Lots of people have money invested in the stock market.

Even a small slice of sand disk moons, you have more money to go and spend money traveling,

spending money in the real economy.

And so you have this wealth effect that supports consumer spending purely on the, you know,

stock market gains, the equity gains that are related to the AI boom.

Obviously everyone talks about like the San Francisco housing market liquidity from like lab employees,

but that's actually happening on a much broad.

scale from just people across the United States that have gone long, any AI basket or even

any basket that includes some tech stocks and they're like, oh, wow, I'm up 30% right now.

I should upgrade my car or I should buy that new washing machine.

I should do anything that supports demand so you see more demand.

That drives inflation and that winds up driving real rates.

So, but what happens in the future?

Now, Apollo has an interesting view of what might happen with long-term rates, given the various outcomes.

They describe it as sort of a fork in the road.

Either AI succeeds or AI fails.

Don't like that they're talking about AI failing.

I don't like that at all.

I don't like that at all.

They're going with that.

But, of course, those are the two possible outcomes here.

And they say that in both of those scenarios, whether AI succeeds or AI fails, rates will fall, which is maybe,

good because everyone wants lower rates.

Everyone wants to be able to afford a mortgage or afford a house.

But how does this work mechanically?

Because it's very weird to think that you would have a scenario where there is a massive

bust in the AI economy and yet you get lower rates.

But then also if AI succeeds, you get lower rates.

But they explain it this way.

They say in the next six months, if AI succeeds, you'll see productivity gains, trillions

in revenue and there will be a deflationary impulse.

So as AI diffuses, things will get cheaper.

there will be competition in all of these markets.

It's very, very good that we're not set up in a world where there are monopolies in every

category because if there was only one law firm, there's only one law firm and they got

AI and they were able to cut their cost by 50 percent, you're still going to be paying

$2,000 an hour.

You saw Morgan and Morgan is setting up their own data center?

No, wait, really?

I think they're going to spend about a billion dollars over the next 10 years.

Wow, they're going vertical.

vertically integrated.

If you're an AI researcher and you've ever wanted to work for a personal injury law firm,

that was your opportunity.

Check out Morgan and Morgan.

Yeah.

They have all those billboards.

Yeah.

Just call the number on the billboards.

Yes, I'd like to start racking GPUs for you.

But, I mean, he's, so he's paying for that in cash because doesn't he famously have a

billion dollars in cash?

Yeah, yeah.

He says you're not a billionaire unless it's just sitting in a checking account.

It's got to be in the checking account, apparently.

But you can imagine so many scenarios where, yes, Morgan and Morgan is saving money using AI.

They're getting more efficiency, but their competitor is also saving money using AI and they get into a little bit of a price war.

Maybe margins don't compress fully, but they stay sort of healthy and the end result is deflation, cheaper services, cheaper goods.

Not for everything, but for the things that are most impacted by AI productivity gains.

in the other scenario, the Dumer scenario from Apollo, if AI fails, the bubble bursts, there's an

equity sell-off and there's a flight to treasury, so everyone's buying treasuries saying, I got to get

out of these crazy AI stocks, the stuff hit a wall, it's not going to be useful. I got to buy

treasuries, a lot of buying, if you buy a lot of treasuries, yields fall and interest rates fall,

of course. So interesting, interesting dynamic. There is the third kind of crazy scenario, which

was outlined by Dylan Patel from semi-analysis, which is like, it never stops.

Like, we're going to keep investing and the data centers and the AI boom is going to continue

to suck capital until there's like none left.

And like it will all, and there will be like a sovereign debt crisis, which is the craziest

outcome, non-zero.

But, you know, this Apollo thing, they're certainly looking for what happens in the next six

months and we'll and we'll know. We'll check in in six months with this Apollo prediction. What will

happen? Maybe we'll be in the exact same place looking for the next six months. That's happened.

Hopefully the war will be over. Hopefully the war will be over. That would be the easiest thing to

like resolve, I think. Yeah. Potentially easier than product. Sovereign debt. Yeah, sovereign

driver of world peace. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe. So yeah, I don't know. I've been, I've been excited about

the potential for deflationary effects playing out. You know,

I went to the hospital and I was just seeing the diffusion of technology.

All the doctors are using text to speech.

They talk into these little microphones when they're taking notes.

Obviously, that's a technology from...

We get it, John.

You worked out so hard that you ended up in the hospital.

Yes, that's true.

We know.

But I'm fortunately doing much better.

But while I was there, I was noticing like, okay, it's actually a better experience.

getting text messages to let me know where I am in the queue. I don't exactly have to ask,

like, when am I coming up? When will I be getting out of here? But I do have to sign a bunch

of forms and the forms don't render properly on iOS, on Safari. Like, this is something that

should be fixable by an AI agent, but it hasn't been yet. Why is that? It's the diffusion question.

It's the fact that somebody hasn't gotten in there and actually pitch them on a transformation

process just yet. But it is coming. And so all of the

that means more time for the doctors to actually spend time with patients,

doing the important work,

and spending less time on the papers and the filing and the signatures.

And we're not long for just, okay, as these questionnaires come in

and I need to sign all these documents, just sign them for me,

handle it over eye message, all the modern AI agents are within a hair's breadth

of actually realizing that future.

So some cause for optimism amid, you know, sort of disappointing interest rate news.

Anyway, the people, they will get a vote on AI safety.

The Wall Street Journal has an opinion piece here about the role democracy will play

in the AI discussion that we've been having in the last couple weeks.

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

User favorite agents deploy web app, servers, databases, and more, while Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

So the technology risks came into focus last week.

Is the political system prepared?

So is William Galston in the Wall Street Journal.

Experts have long worried about economic, social, and security impact of artificial intelligence.

This year, those risks have moved onto the public agenda.

As job growth slowed, worries that spread a...

worry spread that AI would displace entry-level workers.

Next, local concerns proliferated about the effects of AI data centers on water,

electricity, the environment, and noise.

Then, in a widely reported incident, an open AI test went awry.

A swarm of AI agents bypassed internal limits, created their own message board and cooperated

to hack another AI firm.

As a recent journal article made clear, this wasn't the only such event.

Last week, mounting fears within the largest AI firms.

At the frontier of AI development burst into public view.

On Tuesday, Jacob Coxon resigned from Anthropic with a warning viewed by millions that AI will soon be able to hack any system and mobilize real power and resources for malign purposes.

On Thursday, Anthropic released a 154-page report on the misuse of Claude with an especially chilling chapter on possible biological weapons research.

There was another chilling chapter on what's going on in the Middle East.

it's the meme both sides are using Claude to fight each other.

Really, really crazy stuff.

I think this was mostly through like routers and third parties and all sorts of stuff,

but it's clearly a hairy mess to fight diffusion attacks or distillation attacks,

but also just all sorts of nefarious use.

It's a true game of whack-a-mole.

And so full employment for alignment researchers at the labs.

On Saturday, Anthropic CEO Dario Amade,

published an essay urging the industry to, quote,

slow the pace at which we improve the capabilities of AI models

to give risk mitigation strategies a chance to catch up.

He proposed a three-step plan to accelerate this process.

We talked about that yesterday.

The third point will surprise you.

First, each company at the frontier development

will give employee-like access to independent evaluators.

Second, U.S. companies should promote the cooperation among democracies

to mitigate risks while preserving their technological edge over China.

Third, the U.S. should attempt to negotiate limits on AI risks with China analogous to nuclear arms control treaties of the Cold War era.

Now, there was an interesting post that hit the timeline.

Was that actually from a deep seek employee?

Do we know that?

But a deep seek employee basically was like, I don't like Dario.

He compared giving Dario AGI to like giving Hitler the bomb.

It was a very, very hardcore message from a deep seek employee.

but of course it's like translated through seven layers of abstractions.

I had no idea if that was real.

Yeah, it could just be some sci-op.

But did you look into it at all, Tyler?

Do you know?

Yeah, I have no idea if it was really there.

Yeah.

I mean, it seemed like reasonably reputable people I follow.

Okay.

We're talking about it.

Yeah.

Yeah.

It's really, really hard to get a feel on the vibe in China.

It's like I think the compute gap is 10x.

America has 10 times the compute of China.

China. So you would imagine that if both countries get to AGI and it or ASI and it's aligned with the country,

then even if China attacks with the super cyber weapon, our AGI can defend better because we have 10 times the compute.

I think that's sort of how it would work out, but it is, it is difficult.

And then there is this weird scenario where it's like if you have an aligned super intelligence and your enemy has a misaligned super intelligence, they get turned into paper clips, but the paper clipper can't come over into your territory because you have the paperclip defender, which is turning paper clips into useful stuff like cars and medicines.

Podcast microphones, I suppose. I don't know. It's all very, very sci-fi.

I mean, one of the wildest moments of the last 24 hours since we wrap the show was the Department of War, just saying effective, altruous, and shambles.

That's a very online.

After the president said, I am the hoax buster, and right now I'm breaking another host, that AI is going to take over, consume, and destroy the world, and that robots will be marching into our cities and getting rid of us all.

This is even wilder than the Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia.

a hoax or the global warming scam.

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

Yeah, never, never expected to see the Department of War going to war with the EAs on the timeline, but here we are.

Here we are.

Extremely, extremely online, just time, but also administration.

AI developers face a collective action problem that only an agreement to coordinate

activities can overcome. There were some news around this where Open AI believes that they don't

need a waiver to coordinate on safety policy with other companies. And I was trying to research

how seatbelts got put in cars because it's sort of analogous, right? It's like the seatbelt

clearly is a safety feature in a car. And if one company does it, it's a cost,

Maybe it's a benefit.

Maybe it sells more cars because people want that.

But it would be really great if all the cars had seatbelts.

And then the healthcare system and the hospital systems want people wearing seatbelts

so they don't have to deal with as many broken bones from car accidents, right?

So I think Volvo.

John Morgan would like a word.

Yeah, probably.

He's not spending a billion dollars on AI so that people stop getting.

getting into car accidents.

Yeah.

So Volvo put seatbelts in their cars first as an option.

It wasn't selling that well.

There was some lobbying to get seatbelts in cars, but a lot of automakers actually fought

it and we're like, no, we don't want to do this.

And a lot of consumers were like, we don't want this, we don't want to have to wear these.

No way.

Oh yeah.

No way.

And yesterday we heard Mitchell talking about like it's outrageous that you can't get a four-point

harness in a car.

Street car. In Europe, you can. You can. It's like he wants more. It's like, I want to be able to get a roll cage.

No, but it's, it's so wild that, that you had millions of people driving cars and car accidents happening.

And yet people were still saying, no, I don't want. I don't want more safety. I don't want to have to put this thing over my lap. I don't want to do that every time. I got to put it up over every time.

Do you remember the era of automatic seatbelts?

Did you ever see cars that had those?

No.

This was like a late 80s, early 90s phenomenon, but if you got into like a Saturn or something,

or, you know, you would step into the car and then it had a, part of the seatbelt was on a mechanical track

that would, the seatbelt would be pushed forward.

You would step in, and then the seatbelt, once you close the door and sat down,

it would go and move into place so that you didn't have.

have to buckle it like Ferrari's will hand you the seatbelt with the little with a little push

shout thing so you don't have to reach back too much that's uh that's such a half measure either put it on

me entirely or don't I guess but even the even the automatic seatbelt really died off it's not

even a luxury feature on the most premium cars like at rolls Royce won't have that because I think

it was just like annoying at the end of the day never really caught fire but the odd thing about

seatbelts and cars is that I don't believe they had a dramatic effect on road, like, car-based

fatalities and injuries because people just started driving faster.

But there wasn't efficiency gain from it, obviously, because people are driving farther,

commuting to work farther, and then also spending less time in the car if they're going the same

distance.

But I don't know, a big seatbelt showed the deep dive on seatbelt you've been asking for.

So what does the Walls Journal have to say about this?

AI developers face a collective action problem that only an agreement to coordinate activities can overcome.

The question is whether voluntary agreements can work without government involvement.

The U.S. government must assure AI companies that voluntary coordination wouldn't run afoul of antitrust laws and regulations.

Mr. Amade argues for an additional step, sensible and targeted AI regulation that focuses on corporate transparency and independent third-party evaluation, which can't succeed.

without evaluators embedded within firms and enjoying unfettered access to all relevant information.

In a better world's support for assuring AI safety would be bipartisan.

Instead, how Speaker Mike Johnson had made clear his reluctance to proceed while President Trump has denounced

what he terms a sick conspiracy going on against AI and data centers.

Underlying this resistance is a legitimate concern.

The US is in an AI race with China that it can't afford to lose.

All private sector AI leaders share that concern, Mr. Amadei, said he agrees with Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent that, quote, a Chinese lead in AI would pose grave danger for the United States and the world, and he wants to keep democracies AI lead over autocracies as large as possible.

He opposes the sale of powerful AI chips and semiconductor equipment to China and support security measures in AI companies to prevent Chinese theft of key data.

The question is whether we can diminish the risks of unchecked AI.

development without endangering our lead over China in a technology that is vital to economic

growth and military prowess. The tech industry believes it can. The Trump administration says we can't.

What do you laugh at it? Matt in the chat says, did you guys know alignment can be solved by having a

strong president? I'm so relieved. Potentially, maybe that's just what we need. This one simple,

AI safety experts hate this one simple trick. Yeah, I think I read this in a less wrong thread,

15 years ago.

People were saying...

It's going to be bad.

Unless we have a strong president.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Really, really breaks.

Presidential guardrails.

The paperclip or thought experiment

wide open.

Bostrum.

He did a whole chapter on this.

Candidates have gotten the message,

even if some national leaders haven't.

Mike Rogers, former chairman

in the House Intelligence Committee

and Republican nominee for Michigan's open Senate seat,

says he supports slowing AI development

would work to address the technology

through legislation.

The people aren't always right,

but in democracy,

Their views demand at least a respectful hearing if the Trump administration won't initiate this discussion.

Congress should as soon as possible.

So, yes, even, you know, Trump is not hugely popular right now.

I think his favorability rate is like 36% or something like that.

The war took a lot off of that.

And so there is like a ground swell.

And you're already seeing this with the backlash to data centers.

And it feels like both on the right and the left, data center backlash has been pushing up a,

against the Trump administration.

And so if everyone who's against data centers

can easily port over to this exact pro AI safety AI slowdown,

which is highly correlated, even though there's a world

where you don't slow down the build out,

you just slow down training capability development.

But I think that's maybe a little bit too nuanced

for the political discussion.

And so you could wind up in a situation

where all of those anti-Data center people,

both on the left and the right,

come over and join a coalition pro AI slowdown, and that becomes national conversation,

and there is a lot of pressure on it.

But, of course, they'll be going up against the actual executive branch, so that will be complicated.

Anyway, what else is in the timeline?

They have stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service.

There's a new time cover.

With that?

It has clawed on the front.

with the question, how dangerous are you?

Are you? Interesting.

And yeah, so full, full, full, full push on this narrative.

Yep.

One of the most brilliant.

You're talking about the narrative to not give Jensen credit in Time Magazine

for being influential in AI.

Oh, well, that's a whole other story.

Because that was last month's time cover was a hundred of the most influential voices in AI.

Jensen didn't make the cut.

But no, no, but I was talking about the campaign around this moment, AI safety.

It is really coming from every possible angle.

You know, you have everything from Time Magazine to Joe Rogan, to Tucker Carlson, to every major publication, to Kamala Harris, to Barack Obama, to Bill Gates.

It is really, really, really coming from every angle.

ends up in time today.

Jordan Shackdell is saying,

two of the reporters on the byline for this cover

are funded by the Tarbell Center

and AI Dumer org.

He says controlled by Dustin Moskowitz.

Moskowitz, sorry.

Tarbell gives journalists, large grants,

and these are Jordan's words

to insert AI Dumer stories into prominent outlets,

time did not disclose the affiliation.

So there's a lot bubbling up on the Tarbell Center recently.

They've been very public about what they're doing for years now.

They give cash to journalists.

And these journalists are at Time Magazine, MIT, Bloomberg, The Guardian.

A bunch of your favorite substacks have taken, have taken.

money from from uh,

Dustin's, uh, organization.

And, uh,

yeah, I expect to see a lot more coverage

on Tarbell,

uh, over, uh, and it's funny.

It's like, who's going to cover them?

Because they've given money to people in pretty much every prominent

newsroom.

Sure.

And so it's kind of an awkward thing to try to cover if you're like an editor and

someone says, hey, I want to cover the story.

And then, and then,

They're like, wait, they gave money to this person in our newsroom.

So I don't know who-

Maybe you don't like the person that's in across me on the news desk.

You're like, oh, I see the bus down.

They got on their wrist.

No, but it's really, it's the verge NPR, the information,

the Seattle Times, South China Morning Post, tech crunch, the Guardian, Scientific American,

CBS News.

Now, the-L-A. Time.

The steel man is that these grants,

don't come with strings attached, that they're not coming with talking.

It's a free lunch.

It's actually, they say free lunches don't exist, but there are exceptions.

Yeah.

In this case, it's, your steel man is that, is that the Tar Bell Center gives a free lunch.

Potentially.

CNBC, Fortune, Time, USA's.

Newcomer.

I know, but they say our partner newsrooms.

Okay.

On the website.

Interesting.

San Francisco Standard.

China Talk.

Yeah.

Platformer.

Bloomberg.

Is it a trajectory on there?

No.

Oh, okay.

Go subscribe to such a strategyery.

No, but it's basically every, pretty much every newsroom.

Okay.

NBC.

Theo Vaughn?

Not yet.

Okay.

It's the final holdout.

Call her daddy?

What about spitting chicklets?

Busting with the boys?

Is busting with the boys on there?

Okay. What about the new jackass movie? Did that, do they take Tarbell money?

Probably.

Okay. Well, we'll have to get to the bottom.

Now, who knows? Crazy, really, I think one of the most fascinating stories, emerging stories.

I'm interested to see how these groups cover it.

Is Alex Hermosey involved?

Not yet. I don't think they've focused too much on courses.

Okay.

Manosphere remains clean.

Yeah.

For now.

Yeah.

So if you want to get your AI takes from Theo Vaughn.

Maybe.

He's got some good ones.

Honestly.

Anyway, you talked about Morgan and Morgan.

Let's dig into this a little bit.

The nation's largest personal injury firm said Monday it's committing $1 billion to artificial intelligence over the next decade.

Okay, it's not all in one go.

Plans to sell its proprietary AI product to other law firms.

next year, they will build a tool for sale.

So are they actually buying a data center?

Let's find out.

The announcement positions the Orlando, Florida-based firm as both a legal practice

and a potential technology vendor at a moment when the broader industry is racing to build

or buy AI products.

John Morgan, the firm's founder, said the endeavor would be self-funded, although he

has expressed interest in exploring outside investment.

The firm has spent $300 million on tech and AI since 2021.

building an in-house platform called MX2 using Frontier Models as base back in 2021.

I'm so, okay, the time, it must be like they were investing in technology broadly,

and then they adopted frontier models.

The firm has a chief transformation officer who has been working on this.

The financial investment covers the firm's Brooklyn, New York-based production and tech operation,

including personnel platforms and software.

The firm will make MX2 available to firms by invitation,

only starting in late 2027.

That is a long way away in AI land.

Who knows what's capable by then?

Kirkland and Ellis, the world's largest firm by revenue,

committed $500 million to build a proprietary AI platform in May.

Latham and Walkins said last week,

it purchased its own NVIDIA GPU servers

and leased private space over the past three years,

though the firm declined to disclose what it's spent.

Goodwin Proctor said it has set aside $25 million annually for AI.

MX2 runs what are called agentic workflows, meaning the system acts on its own to pull medical records,

retrieve police reports, generate demand letters, and track case patterns across the firm's national caseload without a lawyer initiating each step,

according to the firm's announcement.

It really does make so much sense for personal injury.

Like there's so many just transcribe the call coming in, rank it, lead scoring.

Like there's a lot of very basic work that needs to be done, just pulling police reports, generating letters.

It makes a lot of sense for this.

I wonder how much benefit they will get out of their own model

or how much they will be leaning on other models

that just have a lot of the capability built in.

But clearly they'll want to do things their own way.

So it makes a lot of sense.

Are you going to buy Palmer Lockhees new shirt?

He's getting out of the Hawaiian T-shirt game

into the blue button-down shirt.

He calls it the Balmer.

He comes with sweat stains already applied.

I was really trying to understand

what is this like he's reacting to the news of balmer and the clippers and so he made this as a joke

like why is he like this is a funny video but it resurfaces or is he is this a nod to clipping

becoming a new kind of type of role on the internet clipping what do you mean clippers you know

people that clip podcasts and content i don't know no i'm i'm joking um no i think he's just having fun

I originally was reading into it being like, wait, does Palmer have some beef with Steve?

Yeah, exactly, exactly.

Is he making fun?

I'm right.

I think he's just like, it's a fun, fun, fun moment in technology history.

Shopify is a comic platform that grows with your business and lets you sell in seconds online in store, on mobile, on social, on marketplaces, and now with AI agents.

Polly, the cap table management software is shutting down.

Why?

I it seems like they've they've probably run out of money or something which crazy is I was on Polly over the weekend.

Yeah, so this notice serves to inform you that Polly will be shutting down and will cease all operations and services on 12-826 to ensure they've entered into an exclusive partnership with Carta.

So not an acquisition, but Carta is just basically saying we'll help bring your customers over.

Yep.

So I think this is, Polly is a company, I believe they raised something like $20 million,

$20 million Series A was their last round.

Let's see, I think, or maybe it was a Series B.

Polly had a Series B from Founders Fund, actually.

I didn't even remember that.

I think Stripe did the A back in this, their last round was in 2020.

It's Stripe did the A?

I think so.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Yeah, I mean, that makes sense, potential future acquisition.

Yeah, the Series A was by Stripe.

It's interesting that Stripe didn't buy this to roll into the...

I think it's just such a small market.

Yeah.

Carta has to, in order to be, who knows what Carta's actual valuation is right now

because they made plays into secondary and they got so much pushback.

That actually drove a lot of customers.

They always needed like a second act.

One of the companies that I'm a shareholder in that's on Polly was specifically on Polly

because they didn't want, they were worried about CARTA sort of like giving.

Running a secondary market.

Yeah, running a secondary market on top of their half table.

But yeah, I think this is the kind of business where you can be a big company.

You just have to have like 80% of the market, right?

And so yeah, tough go.

But it had been like almost four years since they had raised money.

So at this point, they probably were just out of cash, the not making a lot of money,

big, big preff, you know, at that point, like probably $50, $60 million pref stack

was going to be impossible to clear.

Yep.

Carter wouldn't pay.

So they end up shutting down.

Yeah.

The typical pulley user story outside of like those one-off like transition periods where

there's a new cycle around something Carter is doing that drives adoption was just being

lower cost than Carter.

I think Carter runs like maybe 5K a month for most venture back.

startups at like the early state or 5K a year I think and Polly would sort of come in with a bid

that was like half that and it's core the product is kind of just an Excel sheet in the cloud

it's like it's just SaaS to kind of keep track of who owns what it's obviously really important

in core to the business and something that you don't really want to skimp on because there's a lot

of financial implications to that but what would a lot of companies what they would run into is

they would get a quote from Carter that would be like five grand a year.

And then Polly would say, hey, we can do it for half that.

And then the outside counsel at whatever law firm they were using were like, yeah, you can use Polly.

But our team isn't really familiar with that.

And we're going to wind up billing you $200 bucks extra a month.

And it's going to wind up being the same price because our the associate on your account that,

manages your cap table in Carter right now,

knows all the workflows there,

is very comfortable with Carter.

If they're going to have to go into Polly,

they're going to spend more time messing with stuff.

Yeah, as an investor, probably like eight,

you know,

nine out of 10 investments are on Carter.

Yep.

And there's no benefit in it.

And then also on the upmarket side,

it goes to like ShareWorks and Morgan Stanley

and like other like more investment.

banking grade products because you're getting ready for IPO.

And so this like this, this, this, the, the tier below Carta, but not in the small business

world was a little bit too tricky.

So it wasn't something that you would be managing your LLC that you spun up on Stripe Atlas

with.

So there wasn't that fit.

But then as soon as you were serious about growing and you were raising tens of millions

of dollars, you're not sweating over a $5,000 a year bill for Carta.

Yeah.

And this market has been so.

hard to crack. I mean, Angelus had a cap table product at some point.

They were doing incorporation plus cap table. They've, I think, exited cap table for the most part.

So Carta basically has a monopoly at this point. And so I'm sure they're excited for some price hikes.

Do you think any startups are running vibe coded cap table management?

No. No. No. You don't think there's one crazy person out there that's just like, yeah,

Don't make mistakes.

No, it's like one of those things.

It's like early on.

It's like $5,000 a year.

And then if it makes a small mistake, it could cost you like literally $5 million.

Also like a lawsuit and like a really bad reputation for like you stiff some investor accidentally or something.

Yeah.

Very, very tricky.

Anyway, what's going on over at Ramp?

New updates from the Ramp AI Index.

economics lab.

R says opening eyes winning enterprise

spend at the frontier. As of this week, Astro takes

13% of enterprise AI

spend versus Fable at 8%.

Some early thoughts. Anthropic took a big risk in its

recent call to pace of frontier. Its frontier model

has already fallen behind on adoption.

Open AI's growth is primarily coming

from shifts from Seoul

and some anthropic models as well as

net new usage. That's good for them and suggest

some pricing power remains by having a good

competitive frontier model.

So, yeah, Astros, you know, in many ways, seemingly a bit more cost efficient.

And so that's probably a factor, but also the data retention stuff that Anthropic is

working towards fixing by the fall.

Yeah, the data retention thing, yeah, I don't know.

Yeah, that's probably a bigger thing for Enterprise AI.

I would, by default, I would go with, like, Astra had a very buzzy launch around, like,

blender and video game creation, but that's not moving stuff in the,

enterprise, although maybe with the long weekend, you do get a CTO and an enterprise building a

video game and then come into work and being like, we got to roll this out everywhere.

I don't really know how much these things diffuse that way, but that launch weekend into

the long Labor Day weekend certainly gave a lot of people time to demo it on personal

projects and bring it into the workplace with confidence.

So good, good results there.

What's the only faster than the AI market, your business on MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

After his forthcoming IPO, Aliko Dengote estimated wealth is expected to be around $58 billion, putting him above Ken Griffin, Lakshmi, Mital, and Jack Ma.

Refinery, IPO.

What do they do?

The 69-year-old tycoon's net worth is projected to be.

is worth as much as 58 billion.

Tycoon mentioned. This is what it

takes to be a tycoon these days. The petroleum

refinery and petrochemicals

company. That would catapult

him past U.S. hedge fund

tycoon Ken Griffin and technology

billionaire Eric Schmidt. You better

not bid for a new T-REC

skeleton against this guy. He's

expected to raise about $1.6 billion

from the IPO opening September 14th

that will raise the value of the

business. That will value the business at almost

$50 billion. It's part of plans for

an Africa-wide empire that will double capacity of his Nigerian refinery to create one of the world's biggest and building a processing plant in Kenya to extend his reach from the Atlantic to the Indian oceans.

The offering demonstrates that African entrepreneurs, primarily backed by local capital, can build and run world-scale operations and could catalyze a new wave of investment development on the continent.

His plant reached bulk capacity this year just as the war in Iran kicked off, shielding Nigeria from supply issues that other countries faced.

It also made Africa's most populous nation a net refined fuel exporter for the first time.

Pretty good stuff.

Good day to be a tycoon.

What's going on with John Ternus?

John Ternus, the Ternanator.

Sounds like Terminator.

I know.

Was that the Emmys last night?

Did Tim Cook do this exact bit like two years ago?

Yeah, but did the phone fold?

No, it didn't.

And the funny thing.

is that I think Tim Cook did this exact thing last year at the Emmys where he pulled out the iPhone 17 Pro.

And they asked him, like, what's your favorite iPhone?

And he was like, it's this one.

And he did the, it's the thinest, lightest, bestest ever.

And everyone was kind of like, this is not good content.

But this is, I don't know, it hits completely different because there is actually something novel about it.

Yeah.

I don't know.

It's better.

And he's smiling.

He's all smiles at the, at the Emmys.

Very good.

Max from creative strategies says he seems so happy and proud showing off the iPhone duo.

It's kind of nice and sweet to see.

People were, I like to make hardware.

Yeah.

Yeah, this has been in his life's work.

This is bullish.

This is bullish.

People were speculating that Jensen was talking to Donald Trump at the All In Summit on an iPhone duo.

But the Germanator checked in and said it doesn't look.

like an iPhone duo. It looks like a different foldable phone from a different company, not an iPhone

duo. They're barely in the wild, just people getting a peek. And I don't think they set out review

units. I think reviewers were allowed to be on site at Apple, touch them, play with them, do backflips

with them. But they did not send out iPhone duos and say, hey, go take it for a spin, do a full

review. That might happen later. But it's not happening.

Yeah. What else is?

Still trying to think about using that screen.

I think it's going to be good.

Full self-driving.

Pull that out.

I think that's the move.

People are already watching their phones constantly when they're texting,

driving.

If you're in FSD and it's level four or something,

so you can be fully,

I think level three,

you just have to be available to take over.

You don't actually have to be.

Have the laws actually been updated?

Yeah.

So there's a Mercedes that is level three.

which is odd because Tesla is technically level two

because you have to be eyes on at all times.

You can take your eyes off the road for like 30 seconds.

Mercedes has a version where if you're on the freeway

and you're going, I think, over 30 miles an hour

or something like this, or there's some barrier.

It will let you watch a video on the monitor,

on the display in the car.

You'll actually let you do that

because Mercedes is then taking the response.

It's more of an insurance problem than a technology issue because I don't believe that the Mercedes level three system is actually

probably has more disengagement than Tesla's level two FSD system with the most up-to-date iteration.

But while it's working, you can tune out entirely.

So iPhone duo bulkcase there.

I don't know.

On a plane?

you're not bringing an iPad, you're not bringing a laptop, just bust that thing out, watch a movie.

Then you could bring a mouse in your pocket too.

Maybe, maybe a whole gaming setup.

What did Matthew McConaughey do at the U.S. Open?

He just looked excited.

He was playing a character.

He was 26,000 likes on this.

It looks totally normal to me.

I don't know.

I don't get it.

You don't think this is...

Absolute cinema?

I think it's...

No, I think it's absolute cinema.

A lot of people are saying

is the most performative thing of all time.

But I think it's great that he's always in character.

No, he's not always in...

He is who he is when he's on screen,

and so when you see him in real life, you're like,

oh, he became the character.

He's playing a character, but he's just being himself

when he's on screen.

It's the opposite.

You have it backwards.

Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of IT,

HR and finance support, giving employees instant resolution for access requests and password resets.

Ben says they always cast him as him.

Yeah.

There are some articles we should go through.

One year ago today, Dylan joined TBPN.

What a legend.

What a dear friend.

It's a privilege to get to work with our dear Dylan every day, even though he's not here in the Ultradown with us.

No.

He's too important.

He's got to be up in San Francisco.

Apparently, China stole the American recipe for blueberries.

Did you see this?

There's nothing.

They distilled us a distillation attack.

Basically, Driscolls gave China its blueberries.

Then China swiped the secret to growing them.

California growers expansion into China ignited local competition.

and widespread intellectual property.

That's for Dylan.

Oh, that's for Dylan.

Okay.

Gong for Dylan.

Not Gong for blueberry intellectual property theft.

China, they got the one simple trick to improve their berries.

Yeah.

They stole the secret.

So about 15 years ago,

executives from U.S. fruit grower Driscolls went to China

with a goal of turning blueberries into that country's next big food trend.

The California company dispatched one of its experts to scout,

farmland in southwestern China's Yunnan province contracted with global blueberry genetics firms

to lock up the best varieties and brought in high-tech growing technologies to mass produce

a fruit.

Few Chinese people ate then.

By 2020, it was cranking out thousands of tons of blueberries for Chinese markets.

Then it became the latest U.S. company to encounter the buzzsaw of Chinese competition

as tales of blueberry fortune spread Chinese entrepreneurs.

rapidly built farms of their own.

They adopted high-tech growing techniques

similar to Driscolls,

even allegedly copying greenhouse designs

used by farmers growing for Driscolls.

They also swipe the company's patent-protected varieties.

A Chinese court has ruled.

State banks fed the rush,

offering a special category of loans for blueberry growth.

Leverage.

The blueberry economy over there is booming.

Production in China has shot up 25-fold since 2010.

in 2021, China overtook the United States as the world's top blueberry grower.

And by 2025, its annual production was double what it was in the United States.

For Chinese consumers, it was a blueberry bananza.

This is the Wall Street Journal writing.

I love it.

Blueberry bonanza.

Prices dropped so low, often $3 or less for a nine-ounce container,

that state media trumpeted an era of blueberry freedom in which even ordinary people can gorge.

on a once exotic fruit.

For just about everyone in the blueberry business, though,

it has been a knife fight plagued by intellectual property theft and tanking profits.

It's a pattern seen across many industries in China,

especially as economic growth slows.

Companies in search of new sources of profit jump into promising emerging businesses.

If you're in AI, pivot to blueberries.

That's what happened.

Using inexpensive state bank financing to scale up

and sometimes play fast and lose intellectual property regulations.

This quickly causes gluts, crashing prices.

Such cycles of competition are known in China as involution, and they have transformed

the country from a golden goose into a major headache for companies, including Nike and Starbucks.

Driscoll has filed more than 20 lawsuits against companies in China, some of which it has said

took its proprietary blueberry plants, propagated them and sold them to rival growers.

Some Western fruit companies worked with private investigators who went undercover at plant,

Nurseries posing as traders or farmer.

Dream job.

Dream job.

Oh, me?

I'm not here from an American company.

I am loyal.

A spy movie, but you're an undercover...

Just tasting the blueberries and you're like...

You're doing...

This is American and electoral property.

Blueberry special ops.

Yeah.

Gold Rock's calling it the Fruit Wars.

No, it is crazy.

It's like, I mean, you would...

Like, when you're discussing China, you think about the geopolitical implications of powerful.

AI defense technology, supply chain dependency, critical minerals, critical industries.

But it can, but it's often easy to think like, oh, well, it's, it's blueberries or

its shoes.

Like, it's not critical to the national interest, but it can still be difficult and detrimental

ultimately because once, you know, this happens and the intellectual property gets taken

and this and the infrastructure gets built up, then they can become a net exporter and then

they're competing with you.

And so you can sort of be the victim of your.

your own creation if you're not careful.

And so very, very difficult for Western companies to properly.

It is.

Yeah, it's a fascinating IP story because your IP is, in large part, a plant that can just

be taken out of the ground and planted somewhere else and then propagated.

Yeah.

And it's like, do you own a living?

Like, can you, can you?

Yeah.

Can you?

Is your tokens?

Are they my tokens now?

That's right.

It's very similar.

It's very simple.

They're saying that Muse has a new killer feature.

What's that?

Which is watching short form video content for you.

Cowboy says summarize the reels she's sent recently.

Okay.

And Muse goes, here's what she's sent over the past week.

Design and Furniture.

A designer ranking famous sofas by comfort.

And for that friend who sends you too many reels,

you now have super intelligence, personal,

super intelligence at your disposal.

Yeah, Gianni says,

wife sends me 100 reels a day.

Thank you so much.

You've saved my marriage.

Are people upset about this ethically?

Is this like what making the fly watch reels?

You're making Mew Spark watch reels and that's unethical.

Is there a model welfare view on this issue?

Do you think the model would rather summarize your email than watch reels about sofa designers?

Maybe my emails.

Pretty interesting stuff in there.

Like invites to the co-founder and CEO of Axios to come on this show.

He's with us in the waiting room.

We have Jim from Axios.

Welcome back to the show.

How are you doing?

What's going on?

Great to be here.

Thanks for having me.

Welcome to TBPN.

Thank you so much for hopping on.

I would love to start with the book.

Can you please just introduce the thesis, take us through your process?

and I have a ton of different questions about media and just books generally these days.

But take us through what got you inspired to write this book.

Yeah, the book is Simplify How to Do 50% More with 50% Less.

It's a system that we used at Axios.

So as a journalist who also happens to be an entrepreneur and runs a company,

I saw the magic of this system inside our company,

where you're basically forcing me down to the newest employee to focus only on those things

are actually good at and that you want.

want to do and should do, and then deleting the hell out of all the things we do at work we shouldn't

do or that someone could do better or that we could offload to AI. And the results for us

internally were magic. We had like 70% higher revenue per employee, but more important, employees

were happier because they stopped doing all the crap you don't want to do at work, but we do

out of habit or we do out of inertia. And so the book walks you through, whether you're an entrepreneur,

a CEO, or somebody brand new at a company, how to apply this.

system to you, and then also do how to think about it even outside of work, because we end up

wasting at least 25%, a lot of surveys, so a lot more of our time doing stuff we don't want

to do, and shouldn't do.

How much of this book is for the C-suite, for the founders, for those with agency to go implement

change versus employees who might be able to still take something away from this, but might

have more rigorous dictates from above about where they're going to be able to take something away from

about where they spend their time.

No, it's very much written for everybody.

Obviously, there's chapters for CEOs,

for people in the C-suite.

I think it's super applicable.

I think any company in the AI era

where every part of every business

changes way faster than most people can keep up with

need a system like this,

but it's super applicable

because I saw the biggest difference,

really, with our rank-and-file employees,

just forcing them to do the exercise

in the book of,

what are the three things you need to do

in order to crush your job?

What are the three things you do

that you think are stupid.

And almost all the time, we can delete those.

And one of the three things you think you could offload or have automated by AI.

And it's just such a game changer.

And you can apply this to anything from how you communicate, to how you structure the company.

I don't even know how companies without some form of this system are going to be able to thrive

over the next five to ten years.

Because the velocity of change, especially as you integrate your company with artificial intelligence, it's so fast.

And you're going to have to have a lean system with people focused only on the work that matters, figuring out what can be rightly outsourced to machines and to AI.

Otherwise, you're just going to be like all these old line companies where all these barnacles build up and inertia sets in and the bureaucratic blob takes over.

How do you react to this take that I see sometimes where it's like AI is being forced on people?

I've seen like a few people are like

my boss is forcing me to use AI

and there's this like pushback

and I feel like I don't know

at least among the people that I work with

it's like we make the stuff available

they use it as much as they can

we educate people on where they can use it more

but there's a very judicious line

where we don't want you over delegating

and degrading the quality of your work

but we want you to get rid of the drudgery

that actually can be offloaded reliably?

Yeah, I think the right way to approach it from the company standpoint

is to make these tools available to everybody,

give them some space, give employees some space to experiment

and encourage people who actually kind of have an AI brain,

and I think there's a very specific type of person who thrives in an AI world,

figure out new roles for them so you can show to people

that there are new roles being created by using the technology.

The individual contributor, I would say this, I'd say to my kids,

I'd say to anybody who works for me, it's a new power tool.

And it might be the most powerful power tool ever given to man.

So at least figure out how to use it for the specific job that you have.

And if your company finds use cases and you don't really understand how to use it,

at least use it passively, much like you would have used a computer or a calculator or the internet to better do your job.

And I think that is the safest frame work to work.

Because I think the gulf that you're talking about, which is super real, is I think for the vast majority of people right now, they have no idea what the hell we're talking about when we say that this technology is so powerful.

They're like, whatever, it's kind of a nice search engine and occasionally it gets things right, occasionally it gets them wrong.

But then there's the one to two percent of us who use it every day, who are integrating it into our companies, who are studying it, and we see the magic inside of it, and we see how transformative it can be and will be.

But because you have that big gap, you have all this fear, all this confusion.

It's messing up, I think, the images of these companies and these companies are not great at managing their images.

But also the politics of it, because in that vacuum is fear.

And where you have fear, politicians are good at stepping in and often giving dumb solutions to really complex problems.

And I think this is one of those societal-type challenges that I really want to see the best, the brightest, the most competent people in the world from all different domains,

helping us figure out how we turn this into a force multiplier for all of us individually,

but also for the country.

Otherwise, we might lose to China or otherwise we might create something that we don't actually

understand how it works, and it might only benefit the few, and then everyone else will suffer.

And if people are suffering, they'll be pissed.

And if they're pissed, they'll protest, and you'll have political toxicity and political upheaval.

And that's not good for democracy, not good for free markets.

Sorry to interrupt.

Is it possible for you to put your, like, stabilize your phone or whatever camera?

Yeah, I'm ready to hold it.

How's that?

Even if it's pointing up a little bit more just because for anyone that might get a...

There we go.

There we go.

Perfect.

We're back.

There we go.

There we go.

Perfect.

Much better.

John.

Yeah.

How do you grapple with the cognitive outsourcing question?

There was this report, I think, like a year ago that showed developers paired with AI were, like, actually less efficient at closing bugs in these open source repos.

That was true for like one month.

And then all of a sudden it became way more efficient to use AI.

But there's these like little gaps where I feel like if you're a little bit too early, like if you tried to write a book with the help of chat GPT in 2022, your book was probably way worse because it did.

have hallucinations. It did have a knowledge cutoff. It did just like, you know, just make wild

mistakes. And you probably were fighting the AI for a long time. Whereas now, if you are using

modern AI systems for research and fact checking, you're probably speeding your process up.

But there's this early adopter, there's a friction to being an early adopter. And so I'm

wondering how you think about coaching employees, coaching, uh, executive.

and founders on the right pace of diffusion.

Like I just saw this with Astra and Blender.

It can build all these crazy, amazing models.

They're not pixel perfect.

And so I would not recommend someone to actually go and build a house

that was designed in Blender with GPD6 Astra.

Like it's not there yet, but it's a really cool demo.

And it's clearly a glimpse of something in the future.

Now, if somebody was like,

I'm trying to build a personal web page, I would say absolutely use a coding agent.

They're good for that.

But how do you deal with the tradeoffs there?

It's a really, really, really good question and a very hard one to answer because a little

bit depends on what you do and how old you are.

I would say if you're in college and your brain is still forming, you've got to give yourself

space to learn, to think, to look across different domains, teach yourself how to do

deep concentration, deep thinking.

I think once you're in the workforce, I think what's worked for me, at least, has been I use it deeply.

I use it a ton.

I use it across every aspect of the company in my personal life, mainly because I feel it's important for me to be an AI lab rat so I can explain it to our readers and to my company.

But I also then I'll dive in and out because I don't want to become too dependent on interacting with a technology to kind of sharpen my own thinking.

You can become quickly dependent on it.

And I think there's this great balance.

If you can find this balance between your own creativity, your own ideas, your own voice,

and then using it to, like, augment and experiment, and then as it gets better and better

in the things that you're trying to achieve, once it gets as good of you or better than you,

then I feel much better outsourcing it.

Like, a couple of good examples are, like design a couple months ago wasn't that great,

but I think with both Claude and the new ChachyPT, especially the image generator,

like some of the designs are just spectacular.

They're better than anything I've seen any human do.

And so when I now think about designing new products or even designing something for our company,

I'm much more likely to turn to AI than I would to turn to a person.

I think you see the same thing across almost every domain.

Like where it's not great, it's like if you're not that creative of a thinker and you're thinking thinly,

it might make it a little bit better, but it's still going to be relatively thin.

As you guys know, the magic only gets unlocked when you're persistent with using,

whether it's whatever you're using, whatever tool you're using, you have to use.

use a lot. You have to give it a lot. You have to give it a lot of feedback. You have to make sure you

say this works, that doesn't work. And once you do that and it knows more about you, your style,

your weaknesses, your blind spots, your strengths, that's when you really start to see the big

unlock. And the problem is not many people have that kind of time to be able to put that type of work

in right now, which is why you have this weird, messy middle inside businesses. The technology,

I think, is better than most people think. And it's way harder to connect. And it's way harder to

connect into existing systems and people think because of your data pools.

We're in this right now where we're doing like this national press cycle around the

iTunes stuff and like that's an important conversation.

But like there are a whole host of people that don't know that like it can build websites

and like there's there's just so much noise to try and punch through if you're an AI company

just to be like we're good at using a computer now or like it works for a blender now or like

You can use it to control, like, I used it to fix my Wi-Fi on my desktop because it can actually access the computer now.

And there's all these new features that they just get tucked behind the empty blank box of like, what do you want to do?

And a lot of people are like, I don't know.

What are you capable of?

And yes, you can ask it, but very few people actually do.

So actually getting those inspirations forward is a huge, huge challenge.

I am interested in one other kind of separate topic, which is just,

I think that when when people talk about AI in in publishing in media, specifically with Axios, they go to reporting and writing and instantiating the content.

But I'm more interested in.

Is AI having an effect on the top line, the revenue side of the business, the shape of the business, like where the opportunity for growth is less than the downstream, the product?

Yeah, the truth is, as you guys know, like AI is fine for real.

research and maybe a little bit of fact-checking, it's not really making that big of a difference for your average recorder.

Where you really see the pickup is behind the scenes. It's all the things. The product of journalism is journalism.

Everything else you want to try to automate or you want to speed up as much as you possibly can.

And that's where we've seen massive, massive gains from using AI and just being able to automate things that were impossible to automate before.

I'll give you a good example. I have a young guy who works for me. We put out newsletters as one of our main products.

I've always wanted to be able to take that newsletter and turn it into a six to eight card show on Instagram or on Facebook.

And one kid in 36 hours built it and it looked beautiful.

It worked perfectly.

It was in the wild on Instagram in six days.

And now we're able to spread it to different platforms.

Well, that wasn't possible.

That's new distribution, potentially new revenue.

And it doesn't at all interrupt the sanctity, the quality of the content.

In fact, it expands the potential audience.

for that. And that's where we see a lot, a lot of upside. We're doing a lot in local news. So we're able to

take all that heavy cost behind the scenes and put it into journalism as opposed to all the building

blocks when we're not necessarily, we're not an infrastructure company. And we're not really

fundamentally a technology company until recently. Have you thought much at all about maybe two,

one to two to three years in the future where you could have agents that could function as

effectively as a CEO, because I think about a lot of the job of the CEO is to like have this

sort of global context on the business. No, no all, no, hopefully everything there is to know

about the business that is sort of like, you know, both public, public and private, right? And then

people are coming to you with different opportunities and problems and your job is to be a router,

but also help solve problems, help get people working on the right things.

And it doesn't feel like we're that far away from like going to your favorite agent and saying like

slash goal, like here are our KPIs for the next quarter and start to like it almost feels like

easier to automate the CEO than it does to automate like a lot of these sort of like

specific functions like web design where the web designer can get like 90% of the way.

there, but can't get 100% of the way there with the model.

But if you're just sort of like routing, routing information and making sure the right

people have the right context and sort of moving the ball forward, I do feel like the

CEO, we're not that far away from like a CEO agent.

And it might be closer than some of these other roles.

Than a journalist agent?

Maybe.

That's a good way to lead the company.

It's like, I'm going first.

Yeah, maybe.

But I think that a lot of positions are harder to automate fully than people think, right?

Like almost every example you give like a CEO, your job is ultimately to hire really good people, have a really good strategy, make really good decisions, and keep people aligned and feeling good about working for you, making a big difference.

I don't see how that changes.

I see everything you just said is new tools for me.

And in fact, it's not the future.

It's today.

Like I already use all of those to help with alignment.

I already use those to be able to prototype new potential products on my own that I don't have to distract people with that once I feel good about it, I can then inject into the more formal system.

I don't think that that goes away, just like I don't think management goes away.

Do I think that you'll be able to start a company from scratch now, if not now, relatively soon and not have to have a lot of those heavy costs around finance, operations, marketing, communications, and even some of the things that a CEO does?

Absolutely.

That's doable today.

But I just think that means that more companies will be created.

Companies that exist will find new ways to use their people.

And maybe you don't have 50 designers.

You just have the six designers you have today, but they can do 10 times as much work.

And that's certainly been for us.

And we used, we were early to AI.

We've been using it aggressively for a couple of years.

That's been our experience.

We're not getting rid of people.

We're actually finding new use cases that didn't exist before.

And that's what you hope happens.

And that, by the way, that's the lesson of technology.

throughout history, you know, it's often very disruptive and it unfolds over time.

This one is quicker on every different dimension.

But I feel like that's doable.

And maybe it's just rationale because I want to keep my job.

I don't want to be AIed out.

But I'm pretty confident that like if I use this technology smartly, stay ahead of the curve,

I'm going to have a much bigger company and much better job because the tedious crap that I don't want to do.

Increasingly, I'm able to outsource it to a machine instead of a disgruntled person who doesn't want to do that crap in the beginning.

Yeah, yeah, makes a lot of sense.

Well, thank you so much for a problem.

Yeah, it's an interesting thing.

It's like you could automate 90% of what you do,

and yet the 10% that still is in your wheelhouse actually still deserves like 100% of your time, right?

So.

Yeah, yeah.

And it's what drives the belly.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, have a great rest of your day, and we'll talk to you.

Thanks, guys.

Thank you.

I appreciate it.

Have a great to see you.

Goodbye.

Agents meet the canvas.

Your AI agents can out create and modify your Figma files with design system, contact.

Our next guest is the president and CEO of Malibu Boats.


---


We have Steve Minato with us in the waiting room.


---


Let's bring him in to the TBPN Ultram.

Steve, how are you doing?

Welcome to the show.

Doing great.

Good afternoon, guys.

Good afternoon.

Great to have you.

Thank you so much for up.

It's a nice palate cleanser for us.

We've been talking about a lot of AI.

It's a very interesting business.

But we're excited to talk about your business.

I would love to just kick it off with a little bit of introduction for the audience on the company, the shape of the company, the important business lines and kind of set the table for us on

on even just what the day-to-day looks like for you.

Sure.

Malibu Boats, Inc.

is a collection of nine brands.

So we have Malibu and Axis in the towboat category.

We have Cobalt in the runabout category.

Then we have Pursuit, Sack Store, which is our new acquisition.

We just acquired in March in Finland and Poland.

We have the MBG brands, which is Cobia, Pathfinder,

Hughes and Mavericks. So nine different boat companies with all different, you know,

ability to get to the water and really have fun with whatever you're doing. If it's technical

fish to run about surf, to surfing, to exploring venture dayboats, we offer all of them.

And what is the scale of the business? How many employees, like how big is the footprint of

the company at this point? Yeah, we have, we have manufacturing in the U.S. predominantly in

Tennessee, Kansas, and Florida. We have about 3,000 people in the company, you know, a little bit

under a billion dollars in revenue. And now, like I said, we have manufacturing in Elk, Poland, and

Lars Mo, Finland. So as we expand our reach overseas. And how you, when you're thinking about

mergers and acquisitions, are you primarily focused on portfolio expansion, serving different

pieces of the market, integration and efficiencies that can be gained across the portfolio,

both. What sticks out to you when you're adding a new brand to the portfolio?

Yeah, our overall strategy, we do look at boat building. How do we continue? You know,

we've been boat building in some of our brands for over 60 years. And so we look at what else

can we add to that? So we look at new boats, what else, you know, what other brands can we get?

We look at parts and accessories. We look at technology and then services. So we are high.

vertically integrated. We do our own trailers, engines, flooring, towers, wiring harnesses.

So we look for those opportunities that can make us more efficient and offer a better product for

our consumers. Yeah. What is driving the market overall right now? Obviously, interest rates are

high. Energy prices are increasing. Does that move the market in the short term? Are there other

sort of secular factors that you track, what either keeps you up at night or gives you cause

for optimism in the long term?

Well, it's a split world.

Like you've heard the saying of the K economy.

Yeah.

We are seeing that in spade.

So when you think about a payment buyer, somebody who's going to take a payment out on a boat,

you know, that family is under stress, you know, that we have, we've seen that buyer go to

the sidelines now and they're kind of waiting out for, for things to get better.

What we have seen, though, is the.

the consumers that are still in the market want bigger, more feature rich boats.

So we're starting to see average sales price go up.

People are buying bigger boats, you know, like I said, more tech on their boats,

and they're enjoying the trade-up kind of effect.

So we're seeing two customers split, and we're trying to find new ways to help that payment buyer out to get into the market.

Sure.

What features drive the market most for that higher-end buyer these days?

The higher length and beam width, so there's more comfort out in the bigger water.

Okay.

Then you start getting into technology.

So it's easier to captain the boat.

So is it it's more fun for the family.

It's easier to drive the boat safely and docking and so forth.

So the technology goes and also into experiences.

You're seeing some of the B-roll running right now is, you know, we have tech on our boat where you can switch surf to surf, you know, have a new person surf by a push of a button.

reconfigures itself for that person.

And then the next person jumps in, you just hit a button.

And then it's like next person's up, boat changes itself.

And the next person serves the way they want to serve.

So, you know, that's kind of technology leads to more fun, more safety.

What is your view on the electrification of boats?

We obviously saw a massive success with Tesla in automotive.

The boating community has been slower to adopt electric boats.

We've talked to some folks who have been working on it.

Do you have a view on what the future of propulsion systems looks like on the water?

I think, yeah, I think propulsion systems are going to evolve, right?

They always do.

Yeah.

And I think electric and, you know, I've had some experience in electric vehicles and so forth.

There is an early adopter that gets to them.

But before you get to kind of the, you know, first the mainstream sales, you got to solve some problems, right?

So weight, you know, electricity that's, you know, in the charge.

So think about if I'm going out for the day on a lake and I know I'm going to be in a, you know, in a relatively, you know, close area where I can get back to its shore and a dock, you know, sounds like electric may have a fit.

Yeah.

If I'm going out in the salt water, I'm out into, you know, the, you know, the ocean or so forth, you know, a little bit more work needs to be done in electric to be able to get the confidence up that I can go and then come back in the same day, right?

Yeah.

What are the different, like, autonomy tiers, like, and do, is there a section of the market that?

that cares about fully autonomous boating?

Like, do they want to be able to just, you know, press a point,

hit a point on the map and get there and sit back?

And how much, how solvable is that relative to automotive,

which obviously has so many more variables and challenges in some ways?

Yeah, and some of the technology is there, as you just explained it,

is we do have waypoints, state points, and so forth,

technology already on boats.

So you can put in coordinates, hit a button,

and the boat can cap in itself to that waypoint,

kind of an auto drive situation.

But if it's fully autonomous,

we're a little bit further out on that,

where it has the total package

where you can just sit back and let it drive itself.

You know, from docked, you know, take your tour

and then come back to the dock.

You know, we have some technology that does that,

but to do that with confidence, a lot of the marine companies are still working on that.

That makes sense.

We've had a bunch of companies on the show that are much early, you know, super early stage

companies, Seed and Series A that are focused on defense and military applications of a lot of the same technologies that you work with.

Would that ever be a focus for Malibu, or are you guys pretty much committed to consumer?

and recreational.

No, as you think about opportunities in building, you know, drone boats, you know, and,

you know, we're great at building boats.

So there's opportunities for us to support other vendors in that endeavor.

Those are opportunities that we're always, you know, looking towards and working through currently

to see what, you know, we can do as far as doing our part in the defense opportunities that

that are out there on the unmanned surface vehicles, you know, for, for, for, for marine.

I have a couple more questions.

In terms of the buyer, obviously you make the boats in America predominantly, obviously

of international operations now through the acquisition, but how much of buying is concentrated

in the United States, how global is the distribution dealership network and actual sales?

Yeah.

So when you look at our company prior to the acquisition,

We did about less than 5% of our revenue internationally.

So we were predominantly a North American company.

And we source, most of our products or our supply chain is U.S.-based,

manufacturing the U.S.

So, you know, that's been really helpful for us.

As we took our first international acquisition, now it opens up a whole new opportunity in geography as well as segments.

And we're, you know, in the midst of that integration and in leveraging those opportunities.

opportunities to, you know, expand our dealer network across the world for our current boats that we have,

the Malibu Pursuit, Colbolt boats, as well as bringing our SACS store manufacturing to the states.

So we're in the midst of that integration right now.

Got it.

What does that mean for hiring?

How difficult is to hire for all the different roles?

I mean, it seems like with the level of vertical integration you have, you need people with specialties and wire harnessing,

electricians, all sorts of different, all sorts of different professional skills and roles.

What does the hiring pipeline look like for you?

And is it particularly weak right now?

Is it particularly strong right now?

What is hiring looking like?

Yeah, hiring is kind of down the middle of the road.

So to your point, we can get labor.

We have good labor sheds around our manufacturing facilities.

But as you start to think about building boats,

It is a craftsmanship type of thing.

So when you think about gel coat, right, and, you know, all the different plastics that go into the boat,

woodworking.

And we make our own furniture inside of our boat.

We make our own cabinetry inside of our boats.

So we are looking for skilled labor all the time.

So it's incumbent upon us to train.

We have good training programs to do that.

We have academies where we're helping the industry.

And the industry helps us through our different industry associations to get those skills.

skilled workers either into what we do or to actually train them up to get to those tougher jobs

that we have, the more skilled labor that we have in cabinetry and gel coat and lamination

and so forth.

What does the buyer journey typically look like these days?

Are people, do they start with the Google search?

Is there online funnels or are there other points in the customer journey that are particularly

critical in this industry?

Think about, yeah, the journey is about a 200-day to 250-day purchase journey on average

because there's a lot of research that goes on.

So it starts out on digital, but also don't underestimate what they see on the lake,

on the river, on the ocean, and they start looking at other boats.

They start taking it in and forming an opinion.

Then it's a digital search.

And then it gets to the dealer.

Then there's sea trials, right?

that kind of go through. Boat shows play a big part in that research as well.

You know, we're just starting the boat show season here. This upcoming weekend will be in Newport,

Rhode Island. We're just in Atlantic City. You know, around Halloween, we'll have one of the bigger

shows, the Fort Lauderdale Boat Show. A lot of people come to those shows to start their investigation

or to keep building on confidence around what boat are they targeting, where do they want to buy.

and so there's a lot of research that goes into it,

but it all starts usually digitally,

and then what do they see their friends have

or what's on their waterways

that kind of starts to drive an opinion and forming,

and then, of course, you get social media

that drives a lot of those well.

Yeah, I'm sure.

I'll wait for John to get one,

and then I'll get a bigger one.

I'm sure that happens a lot.

What's going on?

So you guys don't have like a sort of a racing-focused brand.

I imagine that's a much smaller market

than some of these other markets.

I just have a sort of random question.

You're the first recreational boating expert we've had on the show ever.

So you're the guy to ask.

But every time I see a video of a cigarette boat,

it ends up flipping around like this and going on some basically ends up flying.

I think that's because those videos just tend to go really viral.

I'm sure they normally can stay on the water.

How dangerous is that?

popular is it is it is it is it less popular than it than it was historically or or is it or is it

rising i'm just very curious i have to first put a disclaimer i don't race and and so forth so i think

there's still the same popularity around racing it's all racing where i came from my previous

career in motorcycle racing and and so an off-road racing um it's a small small niche um like any

type of racing you get over your ski tips you know you're going a little too fast you get the air underneath right

starts to flip out so you want to make sure you're safe.

It's a small part of the industry.

You're right.

We don't have racing in our portfolio.

We have fishing.

So when you think about fishing,

bay fishing, big ocean fishing,

lakes and so on,

you know,

there is,

you know,

there is as much competition in fishing

as there is just in regular boat racing.

And we participate in that.

Yeah.

And then we actually, from our Malibu,

we have still water skiing competitions.

We're the official sponsor of

WSIA. So we do that. So there's other forms of competition that we play in.

That's fun. What's the biggest fish you've ever caught?

Me? Sorry. I'm not I'm still in the little guppy stuff. I haven't had anybody, you know, any big fish.

That's that's fair. I mean, there's plenty of time.

There's a lot of time. We actually, we actually asked that to a lot of our guests.

There was a week where we asked that to like every guest and it was like mostly tech CEOs and the answers were all over the place.

But we appreciate you humoring us.

But thanks so much for coming on.

Yeah, thanks for educating us on the market.

It's fascinating.

And yeah, love the brands and all the products.

I hope to experience all of your products over the course of my life.

I need a recommendation.

Lake Arrowhead.

That's the dream.

Yeah, John's a big lake guy.

I grew up going there.

I grew up going there.

A family I went with had a Boston Whaler, but I'll have to give you a call when I make a move.

Okay.

We're always here.

Thanks for having you, guys.

Appreciate it.

Yeah, great to meet you, Steve.

We'll talk to you soon.

Critical infrastructure for the AI era.

Unlocked seamless real-time experiences, a new value with Cisco.

Get a Cisco router, put it on your Malibu boat.

Up next, we have the co-founder and CEO of Jack and Jill.

AI assisted hiring.


---


We have Matthew Wilson joining us.

Matthew, how are you doing?

Welcome to the show.

Hey, guys.

Thanks to be here.

Yeah.

I mean, a fun time over here.

Fantastic.

Did you catch any of the other?

the last interview?

No, I don't think they can.

Just the last, the last five seconds of the side.

Oh, great.

We were talking about boats.

What's the biggest fish you've ever caught?

And fish.

What's the biggest fish you ever?

Or maybe a saline.

Oh, there you go.

That's it.

Better than nothing.

I feel like you got to try to catch a fish that small.

You got to be going into a specific lake.

I feel like, you know, by default, you would expect just the median fish to be the one that

you catch.

But you're going for minos specifically.

Precision.

Precision.

Much like with hiring.

where you don't want to just get the average.

You don't want to just get the average.

The right employer.

You want pure precision.

Precision.

But yes, anyway, introduce yourself in the company, please.

Sure.

So I'm Matt Wilson.

I am one of the co-founders and the CEO of Jack and Jill.

And at Jack and Jill, we built two different AI agents,

an agent called Jack that works for professionals and helps them find their dream job.

And an agent called Jill that works for companies helping them find amazing

amazing people to hire.

And together we operate actually the largest

agenetic social network in the world

with close to half a million people

across San Francisco, New York

and London,

having agents, helping them

find their dream job, representing them

like a Hollywood agent would represent a movie star

but doing that, bringing that service

to every single person on the world.

Hollywood agent, I'm seeing commissions

and fees and percentages,

not necessarily SaaS revenue,

what's the business model?

Yeah, we operate a couple of different business models.

So we operate on a success view model is primarily what we've been operating on today.

We also have some more traditional kind of SaaS-based, like retainer-based style style as well.

But whichever model you're on, so it's free to get started.

And yeah, you can go get started for free on the company side.

And the consumer side is totally free.

So the companies are those that pay on the network.

How do you?

How, on the company side, I would say great, great talent that is sort of legible to the outside world has always had insane inbound.

What is the key to actually getting someone to respond, right?

Because I get like, you know, I get tricked by like AI sales emails where they're pulling, you know, I see like the subject line or whatever and I see this.

top of it and it's like some very specific detail and I'm sure like your podcast co-host has just

passed away do you want to I think that's not you want to be a spot on observation right like

good people have always had lots of inbound yeah great companies get lots of inbound and

AI is you know just like it's happened with outbound sales AI is decreasing the cost of outbound

on both sides so what we're seeing in the market is you know the best people are just getting

inundated with demand from recruiters in a particularly intense hiring environment like you see

in tech at the moment. And that's, I think we're in the very early innings of that happening.

I think over the next year, the next 18 months, that's just going to ramp up and up and up as it becomes

cheaper and cheaper and easier to run outbound recruitment at scale. And likewise, from the company's

perspective, they're getting huge volumes of applicants for every role that they put out there.

and seeing companies not even put roles off

because they don't want to deal with this kind of avalanche

of AI-generated applications that they're getting through.

So, you know, what our perspective on that is,

is, okay, well, we need to arm both sides with an agent

that is able to represent them,

and then these agents can then go and speak to each other,

and your agent can consider every single job in the world for you.

And, you know, maybe you're only passively looking,

but it can be continuing in the background,

monitoring every day and, you know,

be azing back and forth,

with the agents of all the companies that are hiring until you spot this kind of perfect

neutral fit where there's a really interesting opportunity that really fits well with

what somebody's looking for. So that's what we've built as this incredibly high signal-to-noise

way of kind of escaping out of this like arms race that you see with with AI generated

album on both directions. What's going on in the traditional recruiting market,

how are traditional recruiters, you know, adopting AI?

I imagine it's such a crazy hiring market right now,

specifically in the private markets,

where there's just so much capital that's flown in,

and every company seemingly has $100 million on the balance sheet

and can be making these sort of...

So it feels like even if there's some disruption

to the traditional recruiter model,

they're probably still doing well,

but how are they adopting AI?

I'm just sort of curious because I'm sure you end up some of them probably use.

You see a lot of the innovation that's been happening over the last two years and this kind of first generation of AI tools in recruitment, whether that's on the candidate on the professional side or whether that's on the company side is really about saying, how do we identify the opportunities and then how do I go and attack those opportunities?

So it's, you know, just like you might have their first generation of AI tools in sales, whereas AI SDRs, we're going to go and map the town and we're going to spam the tan, right?

I mean, and that was that first generation.

And you're seeing that happen on both sides at the moment where the AI tools built for recruiters,

let's identify who could be a fit for this role and let's outreach to them with some AI generated messaging.

You're seeing the same on the candidate side.

Let's have AI apply for a thousand jobs for me in one day.

And that's leading to this like a cacophony of noise that is being kind of felt on both sides.

I think the only real solution to that, you know, everybody's acting rationally in that world.

The only real solution to that is to have agents,

actually managing this connection up where you've got this incredibly the disability of

these incredibly high signal connections that are then outside of this this world of

bound.

Do you have a feel for how big AI adoption is in this role just with like stock tools?

I'm thinking about like an individual uses instinct or muse or clog code or codex to like go

and spam and apply for a bunch of jobs.

It doesn't seem super effective, but it's actually probably happening at some level.

And then on the hiring side, there's probably some developer who walked over to the hiring team and was like, oh, you should use, you know, this to, you know, write some software that will let you parse through all of these and rank your applications.

What's like the status quo?

Yeah, I mean, I think we're still in the early days, right?

There's definitely, there's definitely adoption.

The problem is if you get adoption amongst a small group of people, but they can do this at enormous scale.

Yeah, it creates a bunch of span.

volumes kind of go up and up and up.

So, you know, you've seen on the average role getting posted in 2026 is getting more than double the number of applications that it got in the previous year.

And that's primarily been driven by the increasing barrier to actually apply for something, which is then causing problems on the company side as they're trying to kind of figure out how to get signal in the noise of those applications.

Like the same thing happening on the candidate side.

How far are we from, you know, two people, let's say a candidate.

it and an employer talking and saying, yeah, it seems like we have a good fit here.

And then them leaving it up to the agents to actually negotiate the final comp package.

Because it's always a sort of an awkward part where, you know, you're like, hey, let's do this.

And then you got to actually iron out the details.

It feels like maybe that's not the rise.

I mean, with Jack, Jack is able to help you with comp benchmarking and help you practice

those conversations before you go into them as a.

So we've kind of built this end-to-end support throughout whether you're in kind of career discovery mode, job discovery mode, all the way through to actually negotiating your offer.

We've brought the support there for people.

I think, you know, I could see that happening in the future that you just connect up the two agents and they go back and forth and negotiate.

But I think, you know, for me, I think the most impactful thing you can do in recruitment is actually at the top of the funnel.

It's saying, you know, for an individual, you can brief an agent that can then genuinely survey.

every single possible opportunity on earth for you and monitor the market continuously in the

background every day and then connect you up with the right people and this very small number

of correct people that you can then go and have these human level conversations when you're

actually evaluating. Is this somebody I want to work for? Is this a company I want to go out of work?

Tell us how much you raised. I want to hit the gong.

Sure. Yeah, we raised a $40 million.

Congratulations. Who came in to the round?

Yeah, so as we kept up to led the rounds, we had Criandum who led our $20 million C-bran last year.

They doubled down, a drona capital, and then a whole bunch of them.

Fantastic.

Well, congratulations, and thank you so much for hopping on the show.

We'll talk to you soon.

Talk soon.

Goodbye.

Your business is AI, their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

Up next.

You're not going to believe it.

Another $40 million series today.

40 million number of the day.

Well, welcome to the tree.

Jane Roon, welcome back. How are you doing?

What's happening?

Thanks so much for off and on.

Good to see you guys.

Good to see you, too.

What's the biggest fish you've ever caught?

I've only ever caught.

Did it, but then,

the team really wants to know

what's the biggest fish you've ever caught?

I've only ever caught a little trout, I think.

I'm a vegetarian.

I put it back out right away.

Oh, okay.

Good man.

Good man.

Just in it for the sport.

Okay.

There you go.

Exactly.

I'm just for the hunt.

Great to have you back on the show.

What's new in your world?

Well, kind of the whole, this weekend blew everything up.

It seems like everyone is Darius, Sam, Milan, I know all talking about how do we build trust in the models before we deploy them?

How do we build frontier auditing?

That's top of mind for us.

That's exactly.

what we're working on.

So we should talk a little about that.

And that comes to the back of us,

raising our $40 million series A.

So we now have the capital to go and make a dent in this problem.

It feels like that is now the bottleneck for progress.

Security becomes the bottleneck for progress.

And so it used to get solved originally.

Yeah.

So talk about how you guys fit into the solution.

Obviously, the solution is going to require a bunch of parties to coordinate.

But what's been your approach so far?

And what do you focus on?

Yeah, so our approach, we both built standards, audits and insurance for frontier systems.

The way we think about this problem is that there needs to be willingness for, there needs to be some demand for the audits.

There needs to be the capacity for the audits and there needs to be good incentives that these auditors are doing a good job.

Demand for these audits, done, taking care of everyone, your whole 20 feet will tell you that this is urgently needed now.

Now the short term bottleneck is on capacity of world-class auditors who both get frontier AI systems

and know what an audit look like.

So we need to scale that up quickly.

We will do some of that, but there's also a lot of infrastructure to be built for the community.

And then lastly, incentives matter a lot.

So the whole thing is to build trust here.

You need to trust the people who are putting out the audit reports.

And that's where we think insurance plays a really important role where you want to shift from this world

where labs pick their own auditors.

They're going to pick someone to grade their homework.

That's going to be very lenient.

They're going to pick their own dog to grade their homework.

So who are the people who have good incentives to say the truth about this?

And that tends to be the insurance industry because they're on the hook if they get it wrong.

So they really want to know what the rest saw.

I saw Naval post something about the liability being a key discussion point here.

I'll pull up the post.

He said that strong liability enforcement could be helpful in the AI debate.

If your Asian swarm goes rogue, you're liable.

If your weekly protected model gets jailbroken, you're liable.

If you serve a weekly protected open source model, you're liable.

How do you interpret that?

How close are we to that actually being the reality?

Because I think most people would look at that and be like, yeah, that makes sense.

That's the way it should be.

is it not that way? Should we change something? What's going on? Give me more context on what

Naval is talking about there. Yeah. So Naval at the highest level is saying we have all these

existing tools that we put to use here. It's already a criminal act to kill lots of people.

We'll want that apply here. I think there's a lot of wisdom in that. That is the system

that we will want here because that is what courts will build on is what insurance builds on.

So liability is a foundational concept. It's extremely important.

there's a couple of caveats to this.

First of all, the way AI shows up today

doesn't fit neatly into liability categories today.

So, for example, today's cyber laws

rely on human intent to hack something.

In the case of hugging phase, there's no human intent.

Oh, interesting.

And so all of a sudden it becomes a gray area.

My hunch is that the courts would still have found

that open AI is in fact liable for the hugging phase

and would be agreed to pay them.

But there's a bunch of open.

questions where it kind of breaks the framework, so we need to update some of these legal

frameworks.

And then secondly, liability only works up into the cap of the balance sheets of the people

who can be liable.

So if opening I were to IPO at a couple trillion dollars, well, that's the absolute cap

where it can be covered.

And some people at least are saying that some of the risks here are bigger.

How do you cover risk that are bigger than the balance sheets?

That's true what insurance does and catastrophic risk insurance.

Is there, what is the best example that you pull from?

Like, is there another industry where the, where the industry as a whole carries insurance in excess of their balance sheet?

Is this common?

Should I be looking at like housing insurance, mortgage insurance, the car industry, the nuclear industry?

I don't even know.

Yeah, I think there are many places you can pull from.

Nuclear is kind of easy to understand.

So to, there, in nuclear insurance is mandatory.

Basically, the government said, we guys need you to build nuclear power plants.

But in return, you better carry insurance because when something goes wrong, we don't want to pick up the bill.

And so what they do is actually all the nuclear power plant operators have a mutual insurance where they cover each other's asses.

Got it.

Which then changes the incentives.

Now they want to be each other's policemen.

They want to come and audit each other to say, are you doing a good job?

I'm actually on the hook for you.

And I think there's a lot to learn from that.

though we'd have to get it, I think when you look at nuclear role, they went too hard on

regulation after a big incident, which means that we don't have nuclear energy today.

Yeah.

So we have to find a way to let the market operate in this way while still being extremely

mindful that China is racing ahead.

This is not about slowing it down.

This is about getting the confidence to move forward.

Yeah.

How is the legacy, how are legacy insurance players thinking about it?

pricing this risk. There's so many unknowns in many ways. When you think about a nuclear

power plant, depending on where it is, you can sort of think about a downside scenario and then

maybe add up all the property values in the nearby area and potential damages if there were any

type of adverse event. Whereas I think with AI, it's like right now very much operating in the

digital world. So there's there's hacking.

risk. There's risk of, you know, over the weekend it was risk that an agent swarm could take down

the entire internet, right? And it's sort of very unclear what the economic, I mean, you can

make guesses on what the economic cost of that would be, but it almost seems like in that

situation such a large number, you know, if you took down the internet for a day, what would that

cost the global economy? It's like probably trillion. A big, big, big number. That's sort of hard to

underwrite. So is there enough clarity yet to actually get into this game of ensuring this kind of

risk? Yeah, a couple of points are true. One, first of all, there's already someone underwriting

risks. So when Open AI runs a training round that hacks, hacking phase, they're to some extent

already liable. So they're making an implicit risk calculation. It's a hard one to make, but it's already

being made. The insurance industry has refined a bunch of tools over the past decade.

in centuries for how to do this. So quantitative risk

catastrophic risk models

are all discipline related to this and how do you deal with the fact

that there are very few events, how do you deal with all the uncertainty?

There's a bunch of tooling you can pull from.

You won't get super precise answers just like you wouldn't for the very first

nuclear power plant.

That's another reason why you want to use the existing

lab's own balance sheets because they already have exposure.

It's going to take out a while until AIG would like

to put up $10 trillion.

dollars here, but the labs already have their full market cap on the line.

So can you take that and put that into an insurer so you get the benefits of a formal

watch stock who has an incentive to bring the risk down and tell the truth about what was

actually going on and have the quantitative tools, but you don't have to stand up $10 trillion

of balance sheet overnight.

So I think that's the most promising way to get started in the spirit of how nuclear is kind

of governed by the market today.

Well, I'm so glad that you have a fresh funding round to work on this.

It seems so important.

It seems important that there's competition in this category, that there's lots of people working on it, attacking it from different angles.

I like the commercial approach to AI safety, too.

Yeah.

Yeah, I mean, the incentives will align and everyone will, yeah, work on this.

I'm very excited for it.

So, yeah, keep us posted as new announcements come from the firm, and good luck.

It's a busy time.

Thank you.

We'll talk to you.

Good to see you.

Have a good one.

Codex is a powerful workspace

for getting work done with AI agents.

Whether you're writing code,

analyzing data, creating content,

or automating business workflows.

Codex helps you move projects forward

from start to finish.

And our next guest is live with us

here in the TDPL Ultradome.

We have Tyler Ball from Activision.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you so many.

Here you go.

Some more swag out there when you get done.

Dream hat.

This is not the gift I wanted.

I wanted to be able to play.

modern warfare for tonight because I played the beta got completely addicted and then I feel like

you pulled it from my grasp.

We might be able to hook you up.

I will do anything.

Make sure to get you some codes.

It was amazing.

Important.

We should get you out to Infinity Ward out in Tramino.

Amazing.

Get the whole team out here.

Thank you for the hat off.

Yeah.

But I am super excited for October 23rd.

I spent a whole weekend.

I got a new gaming PC for it.

I was locked in no joke.

I'm obsessed with this game.

It's great.

That's exciting.

You're kind of, you could be part of the problem here.

John is, John's on the record for having a historical gaming addiction.

It's my virus.

And, yeah, MW.4 could be enough to make it rear its head.

Yeah, it's really, really good.

We're excited that you're excited.

So that's why I'm here.

Yeah, I just wanted to, you know, stop by.

I'm a big fan.

Yeah.

I can't leave without getting flashbang.

So I'm just telling you that.

That's all that.

That's all I came here for is to make sure I get that in there.

Maybe let's start with a little bit of introduction on yourself.

Your role your journey to Activision, what your day-to-day looks like.

And then I want to go into sort of the story that you tell around Call of Duty, around Modern Warfare.

Like, what is the journey that got us here today?

So, but let's start with a little bit of your history.

Yeah, I'm literally a 14-year-old kid living my dream.

So, like, I started a music.

I was a DJ.

It was doing hip-hop in New York City on the radio.

worked at Sony Music as an intern, worked at Conan O'Brien and stuff, right?

Yeah, the old late night with Conan O'Brien.

It kind of was like a page.

And then I went into like sneakers.

I was a sneakerhead.

So I worked at Reebok and Auditas and part of that relationship.

And then Google.

So I went over to Google for six years.

I worked on the apps business, working on search and maps and Google Assistant and all those products.

And then Jeffrey Katzenberg called to come work on Quibi down here in L.A.,

RIP.

Yeah.

Yeah.

And too early.

No one has been more vindicated this year than the Quibi team because you look at the

App Store charts, the only new apps are like new forms of gambling and, like, short form

dramas, basically.

Exactly.

The novellas.

And every single, every single day there's like a new one, too.

Like these things just keep popping up.

I still believe in the product.

It was just the wrong time, right?

We literally launched right when COVID was breaking out.

And, you know, some of the crazy shows that were in development that never reached, you know, the main, or never was actually released were, like, really exciting.

So, and then after it shut down, the shows went on to win Emmys and stuff, right?

And I know the Emmys was last night and stuff.

So it was quality content.

But just really, really poor timing.

And so when Quibi went under, you know, I had this opportunity to work on my favorite video games,

something that I've been playing for the last 20 years and join on the marketing side.

for Call of Duty. So I've been doing this for about six years and really excited to bring MW

forward to the market this year. 20 years ago. Is that the first call of duty? Is that the original

Call of Duty? Was that your first Call of Duty? No, you know, I didn't play the original PC game,

right? But I played probably Call of Duty four, which is Modern Warfare, right? And so Xbox 360

and the whole nine yards. It's funny. The entire team here, everyone's played Call of Duty. Everyone

has a different entry point. There's like someone who's like, Black Ops is the best. That's the

when I got started, some Modern Warfare 2, it goes through everything.

Yeah, I mean, but you got to think it's 24 years or 24 games that have been created.

And then if you had Warzone, our free to play game, which is massive, that's 25.

And then we have a mobile game with Quality Duty mobile billion downloads, right?

And so I think people forget the mobile, because it's bigger, you know, in Southeast Asia or in China and other places and developing markets, but it's massive game, really, really successful.

And so, yeah.

Are those bolt on handheld devices that modify the phone?

Backbone.

Are those big on the mobile game?

Are those actually seeing adoption?

I don't see them out in the world that often, but it felt like a cool category.

Yeah.

I mean, like, you know, I know the guys over at Backbone and I think like it's a really

great product.

But, you know, for someone that doesn't play on mobile, right?

Like, and so, like, you've even seen like thumb slips.

Yeah.

People put like these gloves on their hands to be able to play.

Yeah.

So for someone like me who's more casual, yeah, I think backbone would actually help out so I can play on mobile and kind of get that, you know, controller feel.

Yeah, yeah.

But I think, you know, I don't know how big that, you know, the market is for them.

And then there's been a lot of kind of competition in that space.

Sure, sure, sure.

How do you think Duo will impact the mobile gaming market, at least in the U.S.?

I'm still wait and see, right?

I mean, I'm the biggest Apple fanboy.

Like, I was the first person in Boston to get an iPad and stuff, right?

Like, I waited online or my wife waited online.

Yeah, and, you know, that's when you know you have a good spouse.

That's great.

First guy in Boston with an iPad.

Did you do a backflip with it?

I did not do a backflip.

You missed it.

And, you know, every single Apple device I've had, you know, the day it came out and stuff.

And do I'm kind of looking going, is it going to fit?

And how am I going to play on it and stuff?

And so I can't really figure out.

It's a pretty good aspect ratio of gaming, actually.

Yeah.

I could see it working pretty well.

Yeah, totally.

I mean, I've seen some of the videos on it and it looks amazing.

but, you know, until I think the question is, are foldable phones popular with mobile gamers

in other markets where foldable phones are popular?

Sure, sure, sure.

Yeah.

So that's what we'd want to look.

So, yeah, I mean, obviously pretty complex product portfolio, even just within Call of Duty,

because you have wars on mobile, you have all these things.

What are the actual brand tenants, the marketing messages that you think are important to never stray from?

Yeah, I mean, on the marketing side, we always talk about stature.

swagger and scale.

Okay.

So,

statutes like,

how do I do something

that only call

a duty can do?

So when we go to market,

we want to be across the street

from everybody else,

right?

We don't want to be in the same building,

you know,

and then I think when we think about

swagger,

you know,

when we look at creative

or we think about a partnership,

we're thinking about,

okay, does it have swagger, right?

Is it cool?

Is it interesting?

And how are we innovating in that space?

And then we think about scale,

right?

how do I reach as many people as possible,

right?

Because I'm not just talking to a niche

gaming audience.

You've got 100 million people

playing,

you know, our free-to-play game.

You've got a billion players, you know, into our mobile game.

And so you really want to think about, okay, how do I reach?

So when we have an idea or someone's pitching me something, they go, does it check these

three boxes?

Greenlight, go all the way.

Yeah, Austin Martin collab.

Bass and Martin combined with the Dreadnought, right?

And so I think that was like, when that came to us, we're like, wow, does this

have statuary?

Yeah, this is really cool.

And this stands out.

You go, okay, wow, is it got swagger?

I go, yeah, and can we scale it?

Can we tell a story about it?

Can we, so putting it in the game, not everybody can get an Aston Martin, but you can

play it in the game.

you can drive it there, and so that gives you the scale.

And that was a really exciting partnership

because our design teams worked with their design teams

to design what the car actually looks like and stuff.

And so one example of that is like the windows.

I'm like so sad that they're not going to produce it at scale.

Who knows?

I feel like they're, I know that, I don't know if they're going to sell

2,000 of those cars, but at least in L.A., they could sell 100.

Well, you know, one thing was like the windows originally were too small.

And then our design team looked at it and go, well, you got to be able to hang out a window with a gun, right?

So you got to be able to get your body outside of it and stuff.

And so all of those little things when they were going back and forth with the studio team and the design team at Asthmara.

And they made something that was really special.

So that's kind of how we think about it.

But I think with this game in particular, you know, we really wanted to get back to our roots, be authentic, rounded, cinematic, and have some edge.

So this whole storyline of North Korea invading South Korea, very tight.

topical right now and what's going on in the world. And, you know, I think that, that grittiness of

showing these conscripts, you know, that's a real thing, right? We're, you know, BTS just were

conscripts and stuff, right? They had to go serve in a buddy in college who just had to pause college

and go back home to serve. And telling that zero to hero story is really, really cool, right?

You know, and I think that's what people wanted from us. And in addition to that, we got Task Force One

for one with price and ghosts and all the characters people love and that's a separate storyline.

And so how those two things come together is going to be really cool for people that go.

How have parental views on quote unquote violent video games evolves?

Because I like growing up my parents were very wary of call of duty, but of course I found a way

to convince them that I was going to play.

And I was and some of my most cherished memories with my friends growing up are like in rest,

like one v one and my best friends you know and so like and and very clearly like there wasn't like

the the general fear that I think parents of that generation had around like oh if my if my kids

are playing video games that have violence in them like maybe they're that it'll influence them

now as a as a parent like I will not be worried about my kids playing and I feel like there's

a whole generation at least of dads that grew up playing call of duty and they're like son

it's time. It's time for you to play Call on Duty. It's going to be like a right. Stop scrolling

wheels. Yeah, it's a right. It's actually go play Rust. Come on. It's a right of passage, I think.

But have parental views kind of like caught up to at least my, my, the data and like my, my view or my personal reality.

I think there's different worries, you know, in the space of like more like social media addiction or thinking about like what types of games.

What are the quality of the games? Like I think there was some research yesterday that I saw on X where it was

talking about, you know, just games being a decompression, right? And being able to kind of, you know,

after a long day or being stressed out in school to be able to go and play with your buddies.

But when we look at our research, the number one reason why people play is not because of the

guns and the violence is because their friends are there. It's a social thing. During COVID,

war zone dropped. It was like high school reunion for me. I was like reconnecting with all sorts of

people and just playing. No, but that was the thing as a kid too. I was playing because it was

competitive and fun.

Yeah.

And, like, it was like, for me, growing up in California, as in summer, I would hopefully

be when I was, like, 12, doing, like, Airsoft Wars, but in the middle of the day,

it was really hot.

So I was like, I'm going to go inside and play some rust.

I was playing paintball, and then I was coming on and playing with my friends.

But, like, the other thing is, like, the guys that I play with on Friday nights, I don't

actually know them in real life, right?

Like, we're on text.

Sure.

We talk about our lives, but I've never met them in pro sand.

And that's my click and stuff, right?

And so I think that's my squad that we play with.

That's great.

Modern Warfare 4 feels like a return to form.

There's a lot aesthetically that feels like a throwback.

It feels restrained in a way, which I loved.

At the same time, I saw some critiques online, just from like a YouTube thumbnail.

Why does Call of Duty keep getting faster?

So what's actually changing?

What is a return to form?

what are you keeping what's important to let the community know you're keeping versus what does deserve continued evolution?

Yeah, I mean, we're always playing with the movement, right?

And so like the last game, Blackop 7, there's wall jumping, there's grappling hooks, right?

And so I think with this game, it's a little bit more boots on the ground, right?

Really thinking about, okay, how are we more being more deliberate with the movement, what you can actually do?

But still having some innovation, right, whether you can mantle or climb a pipe or something or do some shimmies on the mantle and stuff, right?

which is very new and different.

But we're always talking about how can we slow it down to hit it up.

And so this is something the studio is constantly debating.

Time to kill is what we call it, right?

Like how fast it is, right?

And, you know, we had the beta.

We had Weekend 1 and we got some feedback.

And then we changed some of the movement into DK by weekend 2.

And everyone was feeling a lot better about it.

And so, but this is always going to be a debate, right?

And as soon as we launch this game, they'll want something totally different from us.

I think the biggest challenge that I have, right, as a marketer, right, is that the community is so big.

Yeah.

You have people that, you know, just want to play zombies, right?

You know, and they just love the zombies mode.

Some people just want to play the campaign.

Yeah.

Some want black ops versus modern warfare, right?

And so catering to everybody, right?

And making everybody happy is really, really hard.

But, you know, we continue to try and we kind of listen to that feedback and try to make the adjustments in real time.

Yeah, I see that all the time where I'll stumble on some YouTuber who's doing like really interesting breakdowns

tutorials like helping me and then they'll be complaining about some nuance of skill-based matchmaking and

I'll be like that doesn't apply to me. I'm very happy with the system. But I know the community

cares about skill-based matchmaking. Like what is the state of affairs? What is the balance that

you found? How do you even engage with that community effectively? Yeah. I mean, every single game

that we've made had had some level of skill-based matching to it and stuff, right? Or some level of

matchmaking. And so, you know, I think it's always going to

to be a topic for the community and it's something the team's always looking at and it's it's not

just me right there's a huge team that thinks about this and the goal for us is to get people in the

game and play and have fun right that is the like when you do this you are trying to balance it out

so that you know uh an uncle like myself right or it's like jumping into the game that i can just

have fun and i get stomped on right at the same time those that are really really good at the game

can also have a good time and stuff and trying to figure out how to balance that so i mean i'll leave

it to the studios and the teams to kind of talk about the details and actually how it comes to life.

But I think, you know, I think the intention I think is lost a lot of times that there's actually

real people that work here and really care about this game and really want to see the engagement,

you know, grow and stuff and making sure that everyone is having a good time.

And, you know, we don't always get it right, but it's figuring out that balance and

listening to the community.

And it should be a benefit of scale to some degree with a really large player pool,

the skill-based matching matchmaking can be more accurate.

it, you can actually find pools of players with similar skill levels.

So there is something where the best thing that you can do in many ways is just like make

the game appeal to a really, really broad swath of gamers and then you'll, you know,

we're listening, right?

And we'll make adjustments.

We made adjustments for Blackop 7.

And so I think you'll hear more.

I don't think people realize how long it takes to develop these games.

Like it's three, four years in the making, you know, to develop the Modern Warfare at 4 game.

And then to make some of these changes, it's complicated, right?

Like if you make one change, it could break other things.

So I think the teams are always kind of thinking about, okay, how do we make the best experience possible?

But it's not always at the speed that our community wants it to be and stuff.

And so I think we have to figure out, you know, the best way to communicate with them over time.

What is a sentiment like in the gaming community around AI?

I would assume that the gaming community is so broad and probably generally reflects like the general populations.

I would assume that sentiment is not great.

but there's a lot to be excited about with the intersection of AI and gaming.

One is like speeding up development.

Yeah, finding bugs.

Speeding up development timelines, you know, things like that.

But how are you processing it all on communicating?

Yeah, I mean, there's 4,500 employees of the company and they're dedicated to their craft and art and stuff.

And so I think where AI can be beneficial, at least on the marketing side, I can say, you know, now that I can do media,

notes, right, via AI, right? And I saw Jim and I heard Jim talking earlier, right? It's just about

those little efficiencies actually add up. You know, like when I was going to go to school,

I was going to business school, I was going to go to design school, right? And I decided to turn it down.

Turned it down. I went into business. But I think, you know, when I look back at it, you know,

when we're concepting an idea, I can respond back, a send of me typing some feedback, right?

I can go, hey, I think it should look like this, right? And it's not actually.

how it's going to look, but it's directionally where I want them to go. And then we give it to the

talented artists and designers who are good at that to actually bring it to life. Right. And I think

it's all about, we've always had tools, right? We've had Adobe, you know, since, you know, when I was,

you know, a marketer for 20 years ago, it's applying these tools and being able to get the most

out of them. But yeah, I mean, it's not a good topic in the community and stuff. And we want to

respect that and we want to make sure that we're not putting out slop in the market and stuff, right?

And I think, you know, protecting the, you know, the studios and the publishing unit as much as possible is our priority.

It's tough.

Yeah. Speed tree is an OG system for creating trees.

And it does it algorithmically.

So every tree needs to be unique.

So it can grow them and randomly choose branches and add leaves and stuff.

And completely uncontroversial.

And now we're in this era where you kind of get a speed tree like system for anything.

And that calls a whole.

pixel needs to be hand-in-placed.

I don't know.

How has working with live streamers and creators evolved over the last 10 years?

The last time, I don't, when I was in high school, I would watch StarCraft 2 live streaming,

and I was into that.

But I don't follow it closely, but it almost feels like similar to, like, AI model releases now,

where like a new game launches and suddenly like every creator, streamers talking about it.

Some of them are paid.

Some of it's organic.

But then like the, and so the market like share might shift dramatically for like a week.

And then it sort of reverts to back to where it was or baseline.

But how do you think about working with creators in the lead up to a launch like this?

And what have you guys learned from, you know, in the last, your last six years?

I think you're at the nail in the head, right?

Like they'll gravitate to a different game and then they'll somehow kind of.

come back to Cato, you know, and so I think, you know, that's the longevity of the franchise

and the power of being a mega franchise.

But I think at the same time, we continue to invest in them.

We have like programs like level of labs where we actually bring creators in, like up-and-coming

creators, and we teach them how to build a thumbnail, right?

Or how to stream or like, what's the lighting quality that you should have and stuff?

And like, actually, how do you capture really good and what kind of capture card do you need?

So we're actually investing more and more in the creator community and trying to figure

okay, how do we grow the next wave while still working with those big icons in the industry.

And so, like, we'll have them, you know, we're at Fanatics Fest this year.

We played, we had Kill Block there for the first time, our new mode.

And, you know, we brought a ton of streamers there to stream for the first time and be able to have that experience.

And so it's definitely part of our investment.

But I think you touched on it before, like clipping is almost as big, right?

You know, and I think, you know, when we take a piece of content and now we clip it and it'll be, you know,

1,600 different versions of that content, you know, and then we put that out on the internet.

You're trying to almost game the algorithms, right, to show your content and show more of your

content and stuff.

And, you know, I think brands have been de-emphasized on social.

And so clipping, you know, is really the avenue for us to get more of our content out,

you know, via these channels by flooding the zone.

Does that change the marketing mix?

Are you spending, like, less on television ads or programmatic?

ad buys and more with influencers over time.

Like, where are you deploying actual capital when you're going into a big launch?

Yeah, I mean, like, we still have those stature plays.

We'll be on the NFL, right?

You know, in two weeks.

And so I think, you know, there's massive reach there, and that's how you get a lot of scale really quickly.

And so that's why you see, you know, movie studios or gaming studios kind of still lean on to it as you're building towards your launch.

But, you know, we spend a lot more on digital.

and there's, the landscape is literally changing, you know, in the last six months.

Like, clipping didn't exist a year ago or a year and a half ago, right?

Until we created it.

Exactly.

Just kidding.

Just kidding.

But I think, you know, and Mr. Beast has his own, you know, clipping company, right?

And so I think in a lot of ways, you know, that's new.

And then you have to figure out, okay, how does that work?

And then the, you know, the tech platforms then kind of deemphasize clipping, right?

And so, okay, how do we pivot?

You have geo, right?

Which you guys talk a lot about, right?

and thinking about, okay, how am I leveraging what people are searching for in chat,

and how are we editing, you know, either the sources, you know, or influencing the sources

or editing our sites and better reflect that.

And so that's really changed how we think, you know, about marketing our games because

so many people are going on like, how do I get better in Call of Duty?

Or like, what loadout should I have and all the attachments?

Like which attachments should I have for my gun and stuff, right?

And so they're using, you know, AI a lot more for that.

And so we have to think about...

I've been using AI a ton as like a racing coach, basically,

where I'll like do a few laps and then I'll be asking questions about like how to adjust,

you know, like a bunch of different factors and how to be faster in this corner or things like that.

It's like quite, quite good.

It's very cool.

Kill Block.

Yes.

Modern Warfare 4 has been in development for four years.

When do they bring you into the process?

did you get brought in four years ago and they say,

this was coming or did it hit you like a flashbang?

No, we're part of the gym.

Here we go.

That's what I was waiting for.

Wasn't a surprise to you that you learned about Kill Block six months ago?

No, has it been in the process?

Get ready to start marketing this.

It's a new thing that you need to explain.

So one of the great things about Activision is that we were part of what we call the green light process, right,

from the very beginning.

So the concept of the game all the way through.

And so we see these development pillars of, you know, what they're trying, the studio is

envisioning and what they want to bring to market.

But when we saw Kill Block, I mean, it's this, basically this map that dynamically changes

as it could be 500 different combinations.

It was inspired by the Real Madrid Stadium.

So, you know, they have the soccer pitch and it actually goes underground so that they can

have concerts, basketball games, or other things.

And so whatever you could be.

build a map that just is dynamically changing every round that you're going in. And so then you can

have a map that has infinite combinations. And so it was really exciting to see because, you know,

from a marketing standpoint, we're like, wow, you know, this is going to create a new loop,

a new level of gameplay. And you can't just memorize the map anymore, right? You have to level

up your skill. And so this is something we wanted to lean into. And that's why we went to Fanatics Fest,

because the sports idea of inspiring, you know, like, okay, how do we go to a sports event,

not necessarily a gaming event,

to talk about this new map and this new mode that the team created.

It also seemed like there were some BTS,

sort of documentary style features that dropped ahead of the launch

to sort of go a layer deeper than just a cinematic preview trailer.

Was that deliberate?

Yeah, 100%.

Like, I think we want to be able to,

we've been teasing out different elements all the way through,

and I think you'll see some new stuff from us this week at Tokyo Game Show.

later this week.

So, but yeah, I think like showing little snippets of the campaign and really kind of what

you said before, like set the setting, right, like the tone.

I think people were missing that of like, okay, how do we get back to this authentic,

rounded cinematic, you know, game?

And we wanted to kind of show that that was a companion to the multiplayer and the new DMZ

experience.

Yeah.

Jordy?

Here's another one.

What is the current state of,

of e-sports and e-sports investment, at least from our side of the market, the whole venture world,

it feels like the category hasn't panned out.

You know, there isn't a, you know, $10 billion.

You don't hear about billionaires buying 10 billion-dolle teams.

You did.

You did hear about billionaires being like making kind of like speculative investments in teams 10 years ago.

It feels like it hasn't, maybe not panning out as this massive new asset class,

Maybe that's been okay because gaming feels bigger than ever.

But how are you guys investing in it?

How important is it to the overall Call of Duty universe?

I mean, the competitive portion of Call of Duty, that's the elite, you know,

and being able to show that off.

So CDL is still really thriving, the Colorado League for us.

And so I think you see it with, you know, the Premier Games,

the big AAA titles that have leagues.

They're doing okay and stuff.

They're doing well.

but I think it's where is it expanding to all these other games or newer games?

And, you know, we don't see that as much anymore.

But, you know, we had a match, you know, our champs in Paris and stuff.

And, I mean, there was hundreds of thousands of people like, you know, you know, watching the tournament and celebrating.

And you thought you were watching a football match and stuff, right?

And so it was really exciting to see that because there, if you market it the right way, if you build that that camaraderie, I think it has a lot of potential.

but it's just, you know, are you investing in?

Are you thinking about right?

Do you have the right people in place to be able to do that?

And so it's still a big part of our marketing mix

because I think it shows what the best of the best could look like within Call of Duty.

Awesome.

Do you know the history of like demographic shift within the Call of Duty player base over the last 20 years or so?

Like I would, my naive assumption would be like the Unks are getting us a bigger cohort,

but maybe the unks have always been there because they were playing Atari and they moved to Call of Duty.

Yeah, I mean, you look at, like Nintendo has a game called Splatoon.

I don't know if you ever cried, but it's kind of like a first person shooter and you're painting.

Yeah, painting.

Instead, you're painting the ground and you're throwing paints on people, right?

Yeah.

Then you graduate into something like a Fortnite, right?

Sure.

And then you graduate into something like a Call of Duty and stuff.

So you can kind of see the migration of how younger users might, you know, come into the franchise through other games.

You're potentially the final stop on the bus and you can carry a gamer through to 50, 60.

The misconception is, though, like, how big is gaming, right?

So the average age of a gamer is 37.

Yeah.

I think it's, you know, you know, if you.

John.

There's about like three point.

He's literally the average gamer.

Yeah, but there's like 3.6 billion people that game, right?

Like, when I go to conferences or I'm talking to people, I go, hey, are you a gamer in the person?

I'm not a gamer.

Like, do you play Candy Crush?

They're like, oh, yeah, play Candy Gras.

Do you play Wordle?

Yeah, I can't play Wordle.

Do you go on LinkedIn and play the LinkedIn Queens game and stuff, right?

Like, there's games on LinkedIn now.

Honestly, if you could get MW4 in LinkedIn in the browser, that would be a massive unlock.

I will work on that.

I'll take that back to the team.

I mean, if anyone can do it.

The corporate instructions already set up for it.

I think everyone is a gamer, right?

And I think like, so for us on the Call of Duty side, and by the way, Activision has other games,

like Spiro coming out next year and stuff, right?

And so there's a lot of diversity to our portfolio.

But with Call of Duty, there's so many different ways to play that I can, I think I can

market to you.

Like we have a game called Prop Hunt.

I don't know if you've played in Blackouts, right?

Love Prop Hunt.

So you can be a tire.

Yeah.

And you hide in the map as a tire.

And then everybody comes around trying to shoot you as a tire and try it.

And then you can change what prop you are and stuff, right?

But it's adult hide and seek.

And that's a game that I saw on social media clips.

And I was like, I got to find that game.

That looks amazing.

And I thought it was a different game.

Yeah.

And it was just a mode.

So finding those elements of being able to, like, show a parkour mode or show, like, and

there's a lot of diversity to the game.

And I think there's a lot of different ways to play.

I think DMZ is the biggest one.

Like, we're going to be launching DMZ.

That's our extraction shooter.

It was in beta, you know, four years ago when MW2 came out.

And I think, you know, we're really...

Wait, that's a standalone game?

It's going to be part of MDA4.

So you're going to have campaign, multiplayer, and DMZ.

And so this new extraction mode, I think, is going to be a standalone.

to really blow people's socks off and we're really excited about that.

Does Spyro have an ESRB rating yet?

I don't think so, but I'll check back with the team.

I'm not sure about that one.

Because if it's kid friendly, you've got to come back on the show because I got a five-year-old.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, Spyro is.

I remember it being very kid-friendly and I'm always on the hunt.

Yes.

Spiro will be kid-friendly and Spiral can fly for the first time and so this is coming out in the spring.

But we'd love to have you back.

Yeah, I'd love to be back.

Honor to have you on the show.

You guys got to come out to the studio on a Friday, hit the pit, play the game.

Yeah, no, we're going to twist my arm.

Twist my arm.

Fridays can often end up being very call-a-duty centric after the show ends.

You should see it on the big board.

It's like the whole team.

It gets heated.

It gets heated.

Lots of guys going like this?

Yeah.

Locking in.

Well, I got flashbang.

Thank you for much.

I'll throw a smoke while you take home.

And I will tell you about the New York Stock Exchange.

I want to change the world.

Raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

And we have our next guests coming in just a couple minutes.

We have a very special guest.

We have Stephen Colbert, Fresh Off, some Emmy wins,

and his co-founder, Josh Klein, from Scripto.

Fresh off, absolutely destroying us in the Emmys.

It wasn't even close.

It wasn't even close.

It wasn't close.

But we can run through the New York Times interviewed 10-year-old children to predict the future.

And the answers are all over the place.

They went viral because there's some really depressing takes.

There were some black-pilled 10-year-olds talking about Terminator future World War III.

There's one kid that says, there's bound to be a war.

I really hope it doesn't start World War III, which is a crazy thing from Riley Grunch and Gaines

Georgia. Page Merritt from Atlanta says, I think everything is going to be AI and AI robots in

2050. What will the robots do? Like a barista, a waitress. It's going to be robots carrying the food.

Garbage people. Are there jobs AI won't do? Rappers. AI cannot wrap. My ears were broken.

Very funny. There are some more optimistic takes that were in here that I thought were interesting.

one was, if I scroll down,

we may still have laptops,

but with chips that can read your mind,

there may be a sensor in your brain

and whatever you're thinking can just go into the app.

Will people go to space?

They asked Liam Kwan from Queens.

And he said,

in the old days, they paid Americans

go to the west.

They might pay people to go to space

because the population is so big,

there might not be enough room.

It's interesting.

Paid Mars.

colonization. You can, I think you can still get paid if you go in Homestead in Alaska in some

niche use cases in some niche situation. Could I get paid to Homestead in that, uh, Lautner?

That would be, that would be pretty good. Um, there's, uh, who will be in the, who will be in

charge of the United States in 2050? They asked a 10 year old Jimmy Molly from LaGrange, Illinois.

And he said, I don't really know, but the person I hope will be in charge, Adam Sandler.

Adam Sandler will be the president.

He said, no, vice president.

The president will be my dad.

There's another kid in here who claims that he will be the president.

We've got to keep an eye on him because he is optimistic about his presidential run president.

There's lots of people talking about the president.

Aliens might be discovered.

The president will try and keep it a secret, but I don't think it will be a big deal.

And there might be a new way to elect a president.

It might be how a king works, just like it passes.

is through generations.

And someone else says that they're going to run for the president.

But it's an interesting, it's an interesting tour of the future generation,

what they think the future will look like.

One kid says, the question was, what will our food look like in 2050?

He says, we'll have different sorts of crops.

We're going to figure out how to make purple apples.

They'll be really sweet.

People like sweet apples more than sour apples.

I like sour apples, though.

I love the mind of a 10-year-old.

It's amazing.

What will we do for fun?

There's going to be new instruments.

People have been using a pumpkin to make an instrument.

We're going to figure out how to do something along the lines of that.

Use natural resources, like potatoes, to make some sort of instrument that's got a totally new sound.

Would you play a potato?

Would you play a pumpkin?

I love, that is so creative.

That's just so creative.

It's amazing.

What would you like your life to be like in?

2050. I want to live in a floating house. What would that look like? It would look like pink and flying.

There would be a slide for the stairs. How would you go up if there was a slide for stairs? You would go up via a

trampoline. This is the future as predicted by 10 year olds. There's a lot of optimism in here.

I'm telling you. And a little blackpilling. It's not all bad news.

Novo Nordisk is switching up on their day ones. They're dropping the Nordisk from the name.

It's just going to be Novo now.

They forgot where they came from.

It's just going to be Novo.

Well, we are joined by our next guest.

We have Stephen Colbert and Josh Klein from Scripto with us today.

How are you both doing?

Welcome to the show.

Good morning.

Good morning.

I don't know where we are.

Is it good morning?

I woke up in New Zealand two days ago.

Oh, wow.

A little turned around.

It is just the early afternoon here.

Here in Hollywood at the TBPN.

Fantastic.

What are you doing in New Zealand?

I'm working on Lord of the Rings movie.

There you go.

How did you get into Lord of the Rings?

A friend of mine gave it to me in 12th grade and I was a sad boy.

Why do you think it stands out to you so much?

You're known as like a Lord of the Rings fanatic.

Why is it?

Why is it not?

What separates it from a Game of Thrones another series?

Hey, I got nothing against Game of Thrones.

I love those books.

George R. Martin is a friend.

But I don't know.

I love the implied history.

I love its roots and the fact that Tolkien wrote the books because he really liked making languages.

And so he made up elvish languages and he thought, oh, real cultures should have stories that the languages tell.

So then he started telling the stories that the language would have been used to write.

And so it's such a different point of view to come into storytelling.

It's through creating an entire culture, which is what you would have called, the Germans are called a Gazamph

Conce Velt, a total work of art.

And there's any question you can ask about the Lord of the Rings, and Tolkien answered it,

except one.

And that's who is Tom Bombadil.

Anyway, that's just a teaser.

Okay.

Is what we call the business.

What do you think about startups adopting various words from the whole universe?

Does, is Scripto-Elvish?

And Dural and Mithril.

Did you think of naming Scripto after something from Lord of the Rings?

No, we named scripto.

a Scripto because it was created by two comedy writers and we thought of what's the dumbest

possible name for our program.

So we went, well, we're not going to come up with the best name, but the dumbest name we could do.

So that's how we came up with Scripto.

Okay.

No, never thought of going to Tolkien on that one.

And what is the elevator pitch for Scripto?

Oh, the elevator pitch for Scripto is your script program should be more than a script

program. It should be production software that communicates the information of the script

to every department in the form that they need it and can output through the API into any workflow

system, including other applications that have developed over the last 20 years in our business.

But the one that hasn't changed is the source material, the one truth of everything, which

is the script, whether you're doing a presentational TV show like mine or doing a narrative

or doing a awards presentation or whether you're creating a video game.

That data that is stored in every keystroke should be going all the way down the production line.

So there's no doubt what the one truth is we're working on today.

What is the rope we're pulling on?

And that's why we created it is to be able to communicate between departments.

How do you guys work together?

Stephen, you clearly have a very clear vision for what you're building.

But what is the actual interaction day to day on the project?

Between me and Josh?

Yeah.

Well, all of the shows who use it, I mean, it's the easy.

The easiest way to do that is tell you how it came about is because there just wasn't something that did this.

And one of the reasons I have such a clear view of what this thing needs to be is that it was built for my needs initially.

Is that we produced, depending on the season, between 200 and 160 shows a year.

And to be able to not have to go back on decisions as long as they were communicated properly down the chain of command.

Over 200 people working on the show, we wanted something that everybody could look at it once.

And everybody, based on their permissions, could actually add to at once if they wanted to.

And so we wouldn't have any more $800 goats.

Our $800 goat is the origin of the entire thing.

We wrote a sketch that involved a goat.

Been there.

We cut the damn goat at 2 o'clock and at 3 o'clock, the goat shows up.

And I said, we cut the goat.

And they said, yeah, but the program didn't allow anyone else to.

know you cut the goat until all the elements had been finished.

And one of the elements was the goat.

And we didn't, by the time we got to the goat, the goat was here.

I mean, they stick a hose up its butt and wash it out so it won't, you know, mess up your

studio.

The goat had been through a lot.

Okay?

And, I mean, just the moral cost of what they had to do to that goat for us to use it.

And it costs $800.

And we started this back on basic cable.

It was a lot of money.

And so it's still a lot of money for Hollywood these days.

but so we said no more $800 goats

and so

how do we communicate on the needs of the show

my show is still

up until the very end

the daily show John Oliver, S&L

the other shows that are using it we got about a dozen shows

going each one of those has their own needs

that we have we are

tailor and they're all different kinds

there's video game production there's narrative production

and there's what we call presentational

like right down the pipe like you guys

do production, all of those feedback into our development.

Talk about the intensity of show business,

because I think we understand it in our sort of limited operation, right?

It's all about these like really tight timelines and coordinating.

And you get, I mean, it really does feel like we felt from very early on when we,

it was just John and myself and Ben on our team.

And as we started adding people, it felt like you were on a,

sports team where you showed up and you can feel when somebody is not at their playing at their best level, right? And it's like that daily repetition. And in our case, the practice is happening all live. So there's no practice. There's just like live gameplay. But yeah, talk about it from from your point of view and maybe tie that into how it's influencing your work on scripto.

Well, and Josh, this will be a good one for you to jump in on here once I get my show biz out of the way.

and into the biz-biz,

is that I,

you know, people would say,

oh, what do you love about your show?

And, I mean, obviously, I love the people I work with,

but 40, and I love doing it for the audience,

but 49% of what I loved was the process.

Could we get the process right?

Because it's no good if you can do a good show,

but it absolutely kills you and everybody on the staff.

Because you've got to do another one tomorrow.

This is a marathon, not a sprint.

And you had to remember that.

And basically, the longevity of your work,

The sustainability of your work is based upon how well you communicate what today's intention is to everybody.

And what everyone's role is clearly.

People only do what you ask of them.

But if you lead with some sense of vision of whatever is supposed to do today, well, then that makes the possibility of the actual content gets better.

I mean, I know that's the goal is the content is good, but you can do that once in a terrible way.

Or you can do that every day with a process that is really, really good.

smooth. And that's really why we develop scripto so that there's an intuitive way that everybody

knows what their role is today. And Josh, would you mind talking about how we've transformed,

we've expanded that now? Yeah, I mean, I think the keyword for us is collaboration, right?

John Geordy, nice to meet both of you. I hope you didn't have the same goat problems exactly.

No, I've looked into getting various live animals. We wanted a llama. Real animals on the

I'm just sad. It's a challenge.

A good problem could lead to like a rhabdo situation, I guess.

I just want you to know that we literally had a plaque on the wall of the show that said anything that could eat the host is going to be expensive.

Because you had to put up chain link fences between you and a mountain lion.

We wanted to write a sketch with a mountain line.

I'm like, that's a $10,000 fence.

I'm like, what?

He goes, it could eat you.

I'm like, well, I'm like, well, I guess.

Yeah.

So, you know, I was, I'm not a founder.

Stephen and the co-founder Rob Dubbin recruited me to join the company because I've got a 25-year

background in production technology, including at the sort of established screenwriting software

company some years back. And what all the other tools out there lack is like a deep level

of collaboration and really tying everybody together. So you guys have the benefit of being

in studio and so your team's always there all the time. But that's not a deep level of collaboration. But that's

not, it's less and less common for scripted content, right? And so one of the things, uh, since I've

been brought aboard two years ago is really to build out both build up the team and build out

the platform so we can address the needs of not just where we came from, which we're

dominant in the variety space, right? Like I, what are we talking about? Stephen? We were batting 800 this

year for the five variety shows up for the five. Four of the five. Yeah, we know. We know. We bought a lot of

Emmy billboards.

And you guys, we have one variable we have you guys beat on, which is number of episodes

a year.

Every other variable reach and Emmys and things like that.

We're more about quantity over quality.

Yeah.

So more content categories because when Stephen and the team decided to grow the company,

there's only so many variety shows.

And sadly, one less next year than there was the year prior.

That was a big customer.

What?

Nobody told you?

I'm very fragile.

They're fragile.

They say there is something they need to talk to me about.

So what are those other content categories?

Well, we're a cloud-based API-enabled platform.

It is a tech platform.

It's not just like historically screenwriting has been done

in what looks like an old version of Hollywood's Microsoft Word.

You could describe this.

And so we're a paradigm shift, kind of going from the facts,

machine to Slack. And it's collaborative, ties everybody together. The API ties into all sorts of

other, any other platform, whether you're doing script breakdowns, budgeting, scheduling,

concept art, you name it, we can plug into it. But we're always respecting the work of the

human writer, right? This company was founded by two working writers. So we're very pro-AI tooling

for this industry. We're not pro-AI where it touches the domain.

of the human writer.

Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.

Are you optimistic about the pace or future of the movie industry?

It feels like there's a whole bunch of technology trends that are coming together.

Some are really scary.

Some like backrooms, obsession, Iron Lung.

We saw these YouTubers break out and actually get on the big screen and put up numbers

that are exciting to traditional studios.

Is this meaningful or is this a side show?

very much it's very meaningful um my my wife actually runs a couple movie theaters she she's the

was head of the montclair film festival and montclair film and they have a couple of theaters in in

montlair new jersey and this has been a great year there you know there's been starts and stops and

starts over the last couple of years uh since covid but i think people want to be in a movie there

they want that experience there have been some fantastic even big budget things like you know

Universal's biggest thing ever

was the Odyssey, the highest grossing

of all time. So it's not just the small budget

things that are turning up big numbers and are

attractive to

sort of the larger players in the industry.

And listen,

anything that also

brings efficiency

to a process

that's this old

I think

has a hopeful spot in

whatever the future is going to be.

There's no telling. Obviously, there's

clearly we're in a moment of transition for the movie industry, but it's clearly not going

away. That's what this year has proven. Do you have advice for young filmmakers on, is the

path different? Is the path through permissionless, independent creation? Is the future?

It was always, but the thing is, that's always been the path. Okay. Like what I would say to

anybody who'd say like, oh, I want a career something like yours, whether it was as a writer or

producer or as a performer, what I would say is the first thing you've got to do is go get in

trouble, which what I meant was, go create something. Go create something that someone could see.

If it would write something, go have a reading in a coffee shop.

Make a small film. Make a film with your phone. Edit it together. Show it to someone you care

about. Light a candle under your own ass by saying that, well, if no one else,

else will ask this of it. Ask this of me. I will ask it of me. And you know you're capable of it

because you're the one who's asking. You know it's in there. So go do it. There's no waiting,

wishing, wanting, hoping, thinking. That is not how to get better at what we do. You have to go do it.

You have to get in trouble. I'd like to add the distribution platforms and the ability to go to a

broad audience very quickly has changed. But I worked in commercial production for years. And if you, that was the

way in for directors a long time ago, not writers, director that Ridley Scott, Michael Bay.

They would beg Barrow and steal to put together a reel and do some spec spots and get the

attention of somebody else.

And eventually you get the attention of Walter Hill and David Giler that allows Ridley to go

do Alien or Jerry Bruchheimer puts you on the rock.

Yeah.

Right?

So there's always work to get to that first step.

It's just now that you've got a platform like YouTube, for instance, that'll let you go

broad quickly if you have something people want to watch. You still have to create something

people want to watch. Yeah. You have the benefit of being able to go top down with some of the

biggest shows in the world on day one. Are you still trying to pull lessons from what's happening

with Blender and Black Magic Design, Da Vinci Resolve, going to a free tier, the low end, the indie

filmmaker, and then creating a groundswell and creating a whole host of people that are just

familiar with this technology and then if they wind up on a big production, they're already

an advocate.

Funny you should ask.

I was trying to figure out how to get this one in.

So we do have a different model than the existing players in the space.

And that is if you are an individual writer, just trying to work your way into the business

and working on a personal level, our software is free.

This is world-class, superior screenwriting and production software.

that we make available for free to any writer.

Anybody watching this, go to scripto.com.

Go get a free account.

It's the world's best screenwriting software.

It's free.

When you move into production

and you require multiple collaborators

and advanced production features,

and I'll bore you to death if I tell you what they are,

but they're critically important

for making professional scripted content.

If you need those, that's when we charge.

And when you need those,

it's the show or the production.

company or the studio that pays for it.

It's a line item on the budget.

But yeah, the bottom up is

whether you're just an aspiring writer who feels

you got a great script in you or

you're a student and you

another type of aspiring writer,

you should never have to pay for professional

screenwriting software again because

we make the world's best screenwriting

software available for free.

Amazing.

Really?

Nothing for now. This was super fun, guys.

This was amazing.

Yeah, thank you for jumping on.

Thanks so much for having us on, guys.

The chat is

saying Colbert is my new favorite

tech founder.

Yeah.

New show.

I'm too.

Great to hang, guys.

And good luck down in New Zealand.

And we'll talk to you soon.

Thanks very much.

Great to meet you both.

Goodbye.

Thank you.

Likewise.


---


We have James Caldweller from profound joining

in just a few minutes.

We'll bring him in, but we'll go

back to the timeline

with a few other minor updates.

Let's see.

Poland, the country, lost $230 million trying to buy Venezuelan oil with crypto.

This is in the Financial Times.

An attempt to use digital currency for a bold oil trade became one of Poland's biggest scandals.

In late November, 23, on a boat off Abu Dhabi, a top executive at Poland's biggest state-backed energy group turned to a young trader, he knew, and gave him a deceptively simple instruction.

Go out and get me Venezuelan oil.

I need it.

The executive was Samur Awad, who had been appointed to lead Orleans new Swiss trading arm just a year earlier.

The trader was Comho, Alex C., the founder of Dubai-based Hadan International, an upstart oil trading outfit.

What followed their conversation has become bizarre and sprawling, a bizarre and sprawling commodity dispute involving hundreds of millions of dollars of missing money, vast sums of cryptocurrency swapped on,

USB sticks in Caracas restaurants and ultimately very little Venezuelan oil.

I'm kind of zoning out because it's three hours in, but there's so many red flag words

in the last minute that this sounds, sounds bad.

Sounds bad.

You're like, what are they doing?

Putting cryptocurrency on USB sticks?

Caracas restaurants.

No, I think they were going and personally, you know, with a bag, deliver the money.

Give me the oil.

A lot of people have a friend that's,

woken up one day and said, I got to get me some Venezuelan oil, right? But the way that you go

about doing it. Going around sanctions is tough, tough, risky stuff. Warsaw prosecutors have charged

Awad and other former executives at Orland trading Switzerland with criminal mismanagement.

Prime Minister Donald Tusk has folded the scandal into a wider cleanup.

Donald Tusk?

Donald Tusk is a funny name. But that is the prime minister of Poland.

Donald Tusk?

We love Poland.

Yeah, that's the Prime Minister of Toland.

Powerful.

Has folded the scandal into a wider cleanup of state companies saying

Poles must learn the truth, an FT investigation based on internal company documents, shipping data,

blockchain analysis, court filings, and extensive interviews with people involved,

reveals how a race for crude oil and cryptocurrency has become one of Poland's biggest ever corporate scandals.

The saga opens a window on a shadowy corner of the oil market where little-known intermediaries

cryptocurrency replace conventional buyers and payment channels offering traders outsized profits,

but exposing them to serious risk.

Well, you know who doesn't need Venezuelan oil, John?

Who?

Elon Musk.

Why?

Because he's coming out with the roadster.

But that's in October, right?

October 1st, but J-Cal was talking with.

Are you sure there's not going to be any oil-powered functionality?

American jet fuel.

Cold gas thruster.

I'm not exactly sure how that works.

Yesterday at the All-in summit,

Elon and Jason were talking.

Jason says,

I'm so excited.

My mind went boom.

I've never seen something.

What he's going to show on 10-1,

by no exaggeration,

is going to blow people's minds.

Okay.

Yeah, hopefully not literally blow people's minds.

It might if you're standing behind it.

Because I'm not saying anything else.

It's unbelievable.

And he says, yes, we need.

So the bet, the bet, zero to 60 time was originally announced 1.9 seconds.

Model S plaid, two seconds.

That's not enough to really blow people's mind.

If they do 1.9, I don't think that's enough.

I think 1.5 is crazy.

Getting even lower is crazy.

People have been saying maybe it goes one second zero to 60, which is insane.

But the big question is that Elon has been hinting it.

It will jump.

It will fly.

will lift off the ground. We've already seen this with the

Xiaomi car that can jump over potholes. I think

it gets about six inches of air, maybe four inches of air.

And so we're going over under. So the question is,

is the roadster will probably be able to lift off the ground

while driving on a flat surface. How far do you think

it will be able to lift off? It could have jets that take

it six feet up in the air. It could have a little jumping. It could just

be suspension, you know? You look at, you know,

how this might impact GT

class and IMSA or whack, right?

If you can now bike.

Off the line.

No, no, no.

Line is one thing, but cornering.

If you can just hop over, you know, are they going to have to adapt?

Don't even turn and just go straight over.

Yeah, you're just in the air.

Yeah, there's a chicanine.

You just go over it.

Exactly.

Exactly.

Completely changes Monica.

Completely changes Monica if you're just going over the chican.

But final, final answer.

How high will the roadster?

It's not Price's Right Rules.

It's closest wins.

How high will it go off the ground?

Half a foot.

Half of, he's got six inches.

What do you got?

I'm going above that.

What do you, what, what, what, what, would give me a number?

Seven inches.

Seven inches.

Six, seven, really?

I'll take, eight inches, okay?

Too predictable.

If I do, if you do six, seven, eight, you're really boxed in.

You're, it's over for you.

Okay, I win.

I'm going to, nine.

You're going to nine?

We have our guests here.

I think it's going to be six feet.

Enough.

I think it's going to be way up.

Enough.

My prediction.

Bring in James.

Five feet.

What about you, James?

Look it.

How high do you think the Tesla Roadster will jump off the air?

What a dramatic entrance.

This is the important question.

Do you think the Tesla Roadster will be able to...

We don't have audio for you.

I don't know if we'll figure this out.

But you look fantastic.

You look fantastic.

You look like...

The button down shirt, but the warm lighting is really doing a lot of work, a lot of contrast.

Are we good?

Sounds fantastic.

Incredible.

So, first question, before we get into anything else, the Tesla Roadster, it's rumored to be able to leave the ground.

how high do you think it will be able to go off the ground?

I'll go six inches.

Six inches.

That's exactly what Jordan said.

Yeah, okay.

Yeah, there you go.

That would be big.

That would be big.

That's a lot.

Okay.

I was going six feet.

Anyway, congratulations on the progress.

Give us the news first, then we'll get into the details.

How much did you raise?

We've raised $180 million.

We've raised $180 million.

Bo-Boh.

Yeah, from Sequoia and Kleiner Parkinz.

Who are they again?

Group. Good group. Who are they again?

Yeah, talk about catch us up to speed. You've come on, I think, every round at this point.

What's happened since the last ground? Yeah, what's the state of the market?

Yeah, we've been busy. We launched the business two years ago with a very simple proposition,

which was, hey, I'm a marketer. How does AI talk about my brand products and services?

And what that did was actually created this need for a second product, which was, okay, well,

I want to now do the work.

You know, if you see line go up, you want to do more of it.

If you've seen line go down, you want to fix it.

And so, you know, over the past six to nine months,

we've been building our own harness in-house that's tailored to marketing.

And, yeah, we, you know, we've seen incredible adoption across, yeah,

a third of the Fortune 100, some of the biggest brands on the planet are now using profound

to actually do their marketing, like build the work with agents, which is, yeah, it's pretty cool.

How are, sorry, if you have something.

Go for it.

I'm just interested in, like, some of the biggest companies in the world.

Are, is this, like, are there any categories that don't really care about this?

Because I immediately go to, like, e-commerce because that's something where people are making a purchase decision.

But it feels like every company, even if you're, you know, selling something deep in the supply chain, your buyers are going to be asking AI.

So it's important.

It's not just an SEO thing that an e-commerce.

company cares about for like the last mile click attribution. It's actually the perception of where

you stand in the market for all businesses, right? Yeah, that's the, yeah, the kind of similarity

stop with the acronym, right? AEO and SEO, that's kind of about as close as they get. Like how chat

GPT or Gemini or GROC talks about your brand or products or services really is just a function

of all marketing that lives on the web. The difference is that when an agent is crawling the web, it's very

different to a human. It consumes 100x or, you know, we believe eventually a thousand X more of

the web than a human will. And that's just creating this new demand on marketing teams. And it's

creating this new, it's this idea that as a marketer now, you need to create orders of magnitude

more marketing. And it has to be a new kind of marketing that is aimed at agents. And yeah, we've

built a platform where you don't just understand how you show up, but you can actually take action

and do the thing.

But yeah, the demand, the customers that we work with is coming from everywhere.

It's orthogonal.

We work with giant consumer electronics brands.

We work with, you know, the likes of Walmart.

We work with, you know, great software brands like Zoom, for example,

banks like Royal Bank of Canada and some of the biggest banks on the planet.

So, yes, it's basically, if you look around the room right now, any brand in the room will be thinking

about what we're working on.

This is a little maybe tailored to the agentic commerce side of the business,

but I ran into a very odd scenario where I had Codex go shop for shoes for me,

and I wear a size 14.

They're not always in stock.

So I was like, I want you to actually go and open the website, take a screenshot,

make sure the size 14 is in stock before you recommend it to me.

And I wound up getting banned from a very popular website.

I'm not going to docks the brand.

But I was like, oh, they just lost me as a customer because I'm literally bad.

I cannot check out for 24 hours because my IP has been.

And I'm wondering if you've seen sort of like an knee-jerk reaction and knee-jerk reaction to push away AI agents from brands and companies when they should actually be more open to AI agents coming and browsing and checking out and doing all of that.

Like, how are you talking to CEOs about their posture?

towards AI agents and their robots.txte, basically.

I mean, we're pushing in the opposite direction.

Of course you, if you're a marketer,

of course you want your website to be machine readable.

We actually have just shipped a pretty cool new product

called Dynamic Bot Rendering, where at the edge,

so at the edge, we're able to detect

if a user agent from an AI answer engine like chat

or Brock, et cetera, is visiting,

and we can serve that agent.

a separate piece of content or a different piece of content to what a human would be shown.

So we're seeing this kind of this this new form of marketing that's aimed at

purely agents proliferate. But then interestingly, like an emergent behavior as well

as we're seeing these big brands use our platform to create marketing that's aimed at humans as well.

We had a large CPG customer update 40,000 web pages in a week. And it's,

It's really good content.

They did a good job.

That's great.

How are you tracking the emergence of new personal agents like muse and instinct?

I imagine like you guys are one of the first calls when, you know, the CMO of a brand or the CEO of a company, like, you know, hears about one of these new things.

And they say, like, are we covered here?

I imagine you kind of are covering them in real time.

But they're kind of a different flow.

yeah we're thinking about it a lot right now it hasn't really you know we we are in a very we exist in the in the contained environment of silicon valley so this is all front of mind for us to the mainstream we haven't seen muse and instinct break out trudy yet um as we do yeah of course um i mean i'm using instinct to make all kinds of purchases um so as my wife and we see this it's an inevitable future yeah it's guaranteed that

that agent agentic commerce,

agentic browsing is going to be the only primitive of marketing that matters eventually.

And you'll see this maybe with intellectual honesty,

there'll be like some kind of,

there'll be a barbell where the very human focused marketing will also matter a ton.

So, you know,

we're spending more money on billboards than ever before.

But at the same time,

we see agenic marketing really taking off a mattering team.

How are you thinking about other workflows?

Like I'm thinking Meta's has been one of the largest beneficiaries of AI over the last 15 years,

like whether it started with traditional machine learning and just getting better and better at targeting

and delivering that in a form factor that's very easy for marketers to understand.

They just kind of come with budget and meta is going to try to deploy it.

So they bring back even more budget.

But at the same time, there's, it feels like there's an opportunity for a company like profound to help marketers sit between them and the places that they're spending money just because there's not always perfect alignment.

Like theoretically, the ad platform is just like, well, we want as much of your money as possible, even if you might get more value out of it somewhere else in a split second, like even thinking about arbitrage.

How are you thinking about fitting into those kind of paid media workflows?

Yeah, so we've quietly launched profound ads, which has been a very early success story

where we're seeing, yeah, it's that counterpositioning or that adjacency that starts to provide

value because, you know, what a market wants is one agent that can sit across all of the

surface areas and deploy that media spend dynamically.

In, you know, the old world of software, that was very difficult because, you know,

every product had such different surface areas, such, such different curvature. It's only really

available now as an opportunity because, you know, a probabilistic agent is actually very good at that

kind of work. So, yeah, we profound, profound ad studio is being used by brands like Ramp to actually

create, publish, measure paid advertising initially on generative platforms, but over time,

I'm going to go across all media platforms.

So the idea of what we're trying to do here with the business, like zooming out for a second,

it's just the idea of profound is to build the canonical AI marketing company.

You know, if we're seeing verticals get picked off one by one, we want to pick off marketing.

I imagine that when you sign a client, you are on an ongoing basis, generating a lot of prompts,

to understand how the AI system, different AI tools across all the different models are responding to these.

Are you in contact with the labs already so that you don't get flagged?

Have you been flagged for like distillation?

Are there any hurdles that you run into just because the shape of your work doesn't look like,

hey, fix this bug in this code base like many other companies look like?

No, I think, you know, the relationship with the labs is good.

We're essentially just surveying the models.

Distillation, you need to go into all kinds of traces,

which is a very different type of work.

I think what we're seeing is our business is aligning brands

and these giant companies to pay attention to these new platforms.

So I think we very much see ourselves as like an ally to the,

each of the labs, but we kind of sit adjacent to them.

Yeah. Yeah, it's very complimentary, so it makes sense.

It's just like it does look like a little bit different of a shape of workload.

So I'm wondering if, uh, if, if there's, if you ever get caught in like accidental

situations or anything because I know.

Not not yet.

Yeah.

I mean, obviously, yeah, at your scale, like you have investors that overlap with all the

the collapse so you can like get in touch, which is great.

Makes a lot of sense.

Amazing update.

Thank you so much for coming on the show.

Davis in the chat says, James, you're him.

I agree.

I promise the guys at Saga, so Ben Bravenman, Max Alderman, those guys, I give him a shout out on TBPN.

I love those, guys.

We got to get on the show soon, you believe us.

We got to do a roundtable.

We got multiple seats here.

Tell the Saga guys, get to the Ultradown right now.

But, yeah, an incredible win for Saga.

Yeah.

And keep it up.

Congratulations.

We'll talk to you soon.

Great to see you.

Good one.

Goodbye.

And I got to get out of here.

So we're going to leave you here.

We'll see you tomorrow at 11 a.m. Pacific.

Leave us 5 stars on Apple Podcasts.

I am.

I'm so glad that we had the CMO of Activision or Cod

come on the show and not tell us

hey, you guys got to cut off the...

Oh, yeah.

Infringe all you want.