=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: All-In ===
Titel: All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg - Senators John Fetterman and Dave McCormick: Bipartisanship, Money in DC, Datacenters, Graham Platner
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/all-in-with-chamath-jason-sacks-friedberg/senators-john-fetterman-and-dave-mccormick-bipartisanship-money-in-dc-datacenters-graham-platner
Datum: 2026-06-11
Länge: ~41k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

besties: https://x.com/chamath https://x.com/Jason https://x.com/DavidSacks https://x.com/friedberg Follow on X: https://x.com/theallinpod Follow on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/theallinpod Follow on TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@theallinpod Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/allinpod Intro Music Credit: https://rb.gy/tppkzl https://x.com/yung_spielburg

Read less

Transcript

Discussion

(0)

Now a look at the state of Pennsylvania. It's one of the most important states in this presidential race.

Both the Pennsylvania senators, Democrat John Fetterman, and Republican Dave McCormick, voted in favor of the bill.

In this situation, we both agree that shutting our government down is wrong for our commonwealth and for our nation.

So we're looking for ways to find common ground. And when we disagree, we disagree. But when we can agree, we agree.

Our votes are about country over party at this point.

Well, we're trying to set a good example, because we have lots of disagreements,

but we trust each other, we like one another, and we look for ways to work together.

I thought the best way to kick this off was to actually give both of you a few moments to just say what's on your mind.

And so I think in the rules of parliamentary decorum, Senator Fennerner, as a senior sitting senator from Pennsylvania, maybe you can start.

I'm proud to call Senator McCormick a good friend.

And now things are very more polarized.

And now I refuse to engage in the kinds of extremism.

And we're going to fight together for Pennsylvania and for our nation right now.

And we're going to continue to have conversations like this, you know, whether in Pennsylvania or here across.

So we have to find a better way forward through a lot of the circumstances.

Dave?

Yeah, I think one of the benefits of being in a place like Pennsylvania is that the voters expect us really to find ways to work together.

And if you put this moment in perspective, I think it's probably the most consequential moment in all of our lifetimes.

And in fact, I think it might be the most consequential moment in humankind, which is a big statement.

So much change is happening.

It's artificial intelligence, of course, but it's really how that's affecting everything.

Life sciences, defense, energy.

It's a moment of enormous change.

And that change creates a lot of anxiety that lends itself to polarization and extremes.

And so if there was ever a time where it's more important to find ways to work together, it's now.

And so we've found ways to work together on everything from energy policy to

to fentanyl, the fentanyl crisis, to anti-Semitism in Pennsylvania and across the country,

to drone technology.

And these are issues that are of such consequence that you can't get there by just being with your team.

You have to be able to find common ground.

And we've really looked for ways to do that.

Yeah, I think he could confirm.

Pennsylvania keeps you honest now.

And now, I'd like to remind everybody that we are the only two people in our respective cycles that flip seats.

You know, that's really, you know, both parties want that.

We want to flip seats.

It's like, well, you know, we've done that because I think we've rejected the extreme kinds of views.

And now it's better to work together for Pennsylvania or for our country for right now.

And AI is really, really important.

And sometimes will put me at up.

where the direction that the Democratic Party seems to be moving in that now.

So now, a moratorium for data centers.

For me, that's a China first kinds of policy for that.

I'm going to continue to push back that.

I'm not going to describe that as a scourge.

I'm going to describe that as an incredible new opportunity.

And now, you know, my friend, he organized an incredible symposium in Western Pennsylvania

that brought AI together in energy.

And that's two parts of things Pennsylvania really brings to that table in this very, very important conversation.

I think that we're at this point now where is it fair to say as goes Pennsylvania, as goes the rest of the country,

in the sense that if you can find common ground in the state on these very thorny issues,

maybe the rest of the country can find ground.

And the vice versa is also true.

If you guys can't find resolution, what are the odds at California and West Virginia making it up, find resolution?

So what is it like a day in the life in the U.S. Senate trying to find these compromises?

Because from our perspective, outside in, a lot of the time it just seems like nothing is happening.

Dave.

Yeah, I think if you step back, you would, I know we look very similar, but we have many similar back.

You do?

Yeah.

We have similar backgrounds in the sense we both grew up in rural Pennsylvania and had similar, you know, similar childhoods.

John went into public service.

I left, went to West Point, went to the military.

But we both came back from those rural backgrounds.

But what's interesting in Pennsylvania is 19 electoral votes.

And it's a microcosm of the country.

You have these two big urban centers, Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, which are mostly Democrats.

You have these rural areas that are mostly red, mostly Republican.

And you've got to build a coalition across those to win.

So ironically, a lot of the same people that voted for Senator Federman voted for me

and voted for President Trump.

And that's the coalition you have to build.

And in particular, it is a working family's coalition.

So the thing that's ironic is that even though all the national unions would have endorsed Kamala Harris

and Bob Casey, my opponent, the rank and file, two-thirds of the rank.

I can file the electricians, the pipe fitters, the steam fitters voted for me.

Same with him.

They voted for him.

So we actually, even though we have a lot of differences in our parties, we have come together around that coalition.

And that coalition includes a very significant Latino turnout, a very significant African-American turnout,

the highest African-American turnout in 2024 in the last 30 years.

And so that coalition, I think, is up for grabs.

Who wins that coalition in Pennsylvania and who wins it in the country?

I think will dictate the future to a large degree in 2028 and beyond.

And so that's what we're working on together,

because we're trying to build that coalition to do good things together in Pennsylvania.

The Senate is at an all-time low in terms of approval rating.

We have the lowest approval rating of a president in history

after Biden, who was extremely low-rated,

you guys can't control the debt.

The American populace believe we'd be in a golden age right now.

They're not seeing it.

Inflation is soaring.

The president seems to be running amok,

has no check in the House.

And you guys are responsible.

Tell us what you really think.

Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln.

Well, and $40 trillion in debt,

and you're spending more than ever.

So the American people, I think,

are extremely frustrated with both.

parties. It's great to see you guys come together. But what are you going to do to bring back

some balance between the branches of the government? Because this does not seem to be going in

the right direction for anybody but the people in this room, which is to say the top 10% of our

society. Well, I mean, for me, if you referenced inflation is soaring, well, just recently,

that's primarily driven by energy prices right now. Now, why are those energy prices?

says, hi. Well, because the president decided to hold Iran accountable. And now, I'm the only

Democrat that actually agrees with that. That was not a radical idea for our Democrats. Every single

person running for a president, as a Democrat said, we must never allow Iran to acquire a nuclear

bomb. And now we have the opportunity to hold them accountable. Why? That's why I continue to vote

and against these war powers act now too.

So for inflation, yes, now, absolutely,

no one thinks $5 a gallon is great.

But if you allow Iran to become nuclear,

that's going to seem quaint, you know,

if $5 a gallon holding it out too.

So what's driving this economic conversation overall right now?

So for me, I think what's most important now,

turn everything as a partisan thing.

And that's the danger where if we despise Trump more than we are concerned about Iran becoming a nuclear power,

that will have profound implications for not just in that region, but all in a global stage right now.

That's the difficulty moving forward now.

I've said this in the podcast of, you know, for All In, you know, who's the leader's party?

I'm like, that's TDS 100%.

You know, our party is defined by the opposition of whatever he comes out for.

I've said Trump comes out for ice cream and lazy Sundays.

We're going to hate that shit, you know, and we're going to vote it down.

Now, we all have a bandwidth and we all have a platform.

You know, I feel like you have to discriminate.

I don't care about the ballroom.

If you want to build it, sure, great.

I was there for the White House correspondent dinner,

and I saw how dangerous that was for our leadership.

But I don't care about the reflecting pool.

But now we can't stop talking about all this other kind of shit.

So we can really focus on a thing that's more important

when now it's become all just distracted by the small, small ball game.

Dave, is there a path to resolution?

I mean, like, you're, you guys are going to be forced to confront the filibuster, which is this critical bulwark that sort of leaves some sort of attempt at finding common ground out there.

But there's a lot of pressure to end it.

I think Senator Fenerman, you said you'd be supportive of ending the filibuster.

Is that where we're going to just total tribalism?

Yeah, let's talk about the filibuster.

Let's talk about that.

The entire Democratic Party, including myself, we were so wrong about the filibuster in my cycle in 20.

2020, every single Democrat identified we have to eliminate the filibuster.

Seems like it makes sense.

Now, and thank God.

Thank God we had people that stood there, whether it's Senator Mansion or Senator

Cinema, you know, history has vindicated their wisdom to do that thing.

And now Democrats, we all wanted to get rid of it in 22.

In 2025, we fucking love it.

And now it now it reinforces people to work together with both.

sides. Now, if you turn the Senate into a smaller version of the House and majority,

right, now that would have profound, profound implications for now. So now, someone that'd be the

first person to announce, hey, I was so wrong about that, that's one of the kinds of hill I would

die on now to defend the filibuster, how important it is to the Senate, but also Senate for

the minority rights, whoever that happens to be in that.

time, you know, that's what's so critical, what the filibuster is to governance here.

I would say, first of all, Congress, but lots of institutions right now have very low public

approval, very low trust.

That's a huge problem.

It's across all areas.

It's church, public officials, business in many cases.

So we've got to rebuild trust in our institutions.

And one of the ways you do that is do your own personal conduct.

So one of the things we can do is try to set the example.

If you look at my voting and his voting, I'm an unapologetic conservative.

I vote as a conservative.

At the same time, that doesn't mean you can't work together.

So we look for every opportunity for bipartisan legislation.

So I've got more bipartisan legislation than anybody.

We've collaborated on dozens of things together because you can do both.

And the filibuster, I mean, it is frustrating as a business person.

I was in business for 25 years.

so frustrating the pace of how slowly things move.

But I do think it creates the requirement, the impetus, to get things done.

And I would disagree with you.

I think a lot of big things have been done.

If you look at the energy agenda, we can't win the AI race without energy.

And we made huge progress on energy.

I'm hoping we're going to get permitting reform, which would be the biggest economic lever

we could possibly get done over the next six months or the next two and a half years.

We've closed the border. We've stopped the flow of fentanyl. We had 4,000 people who died in Pennsylvania in the last year of the Biden administration at 1600. This year it's down 60 percent, those same statistics nationally. And then there's huge intractable problems like the debt and the deficit, which are existential that we're not dealing with. And that's not a product so much of the filibuster, not the filibuster. That's a product of the polarization of our country and both sides taking advantage of anybody willing to do.

to look at a problem in a hard way.

My question was, though, about the bottom half of the country

in the K-shaped economy we're in

and how it's not working,

and you guys are phenomenally unpopular

with that group of Americans.

So is there a way to be...

You're talking about wealth concentration?

Yeah, wealth concentration.

The bottom half is not happy with...

No, no.

It's a huge problem.

And I don't think I listened carefully last night.

I mean, I just want to tell you,

that is a huge, huge problem that's growing.

That median income in Pennsylvania is $52,000 a year.

When you guys say AI or A.A.A. anxiety.

I mean, these folks, they've been down this road once before

when a bunch of smart, rich people said we got the answer.

It's called globalization.

And what happened in my hometown is there was a mill of 2,000 people that got gutted.

It's now 100 people.

So there's enormous anxiety, but it's because there's no path to getting ahead.

And everybody in this room, the last 10 years, has been.

been the greatest 10 years in the history of humanity for those who have assets.

So do you have a plan?

Yeah, well, there's got to be.

What is it?

There's got to be a number of plans.

Well, do you have a plan?

Because it's not just going to be me, it's going to be us.

Because right now, listen, I am a beneficiary of capitalism.

I have been wildly fortunate because of capitalism.

But we are going to lose capitalism unless we find a combination of a ways to address it.

So what are the ways?

The Invest America accounts.

perfect way, right, where you are building opportunity for the next generation. The school choice

provision in the Working Families Tax Code Act, $1,700, everybody in this room can give $1,700

every year, billions of dollars that are going to go into a school choice for making sure everybody

has equality of opportunity. If you don't do that at maximum scale, and this moment

leaves the majority of Americans behind,

we're not going to be able to get anything done.

Spend more money on programs.

Yeah, spend more money, but not spend more money,

spend more money in giving people opportunity.

So the reason those two accounts are great,

it takes it out of the government, circumvents the government,

it's based on incentives and choice by people that have wealth.

It's sort of Andrew Carnegie brought to present day,

take that wealth, put it in the hands of those who will benefit from it,

but it's your choice. It's not dictated by the government.

I think that's going to have to be part of the answer.

Does anyone in Congress subscribe to the notion that I think is rooted in empiricism,

that the more we spend, the harder it is for people to have economic mobility?

And I think that there's a simplified notion that government has to play a role

in driving people's progress.

And the truth is, the more government intervenes in markets,

the more inefficient and the more expensive those markets get,

and therefore the more inaccessible wealth and value creation is for any individual.

And the freer the market, the less the government intervenes,

the less the government is spending, the less the government is buying,

the better things get for people, generally speaking.

And it seems to me every time I visit D.C., I leave profoundly unhappy

because I meet with people in Congress,

and this is a notion that seems to be diametrically opposed to their viewpoints,

that everything is about doing more for people.

Government needs to do more on both sides of the aisle.

Versus if the government did less, things would get more affordable,

things would get more accessible,

and people would have greater economic mobility.

Well, I mean, talk about the government.

Now, we had not just one.

We had two shutdowns.

Both were historic in terms of their length.

No, we couldn't just agree on very basic things.

And now we've shut the government down collectively for over 120 days or whatever now.

And that's one of the things.

As a Democrat, I refuse to engage in that thing.

If that's a core responsibility as a senator, keep our government open.

And for the love of God, find a way to agree enough to keep things open and put things in risk

and make our country less safe.

You know, I'm proud to be a capitalist.

And now capitalism is the one system that has proven to run.

raise life's standard of humans across the globe.

You know, that.

And now people in my party, now we're having bad IDs refuse to die.

And now we're talking about socialism and communists right now.

We have candidates now, I am a communist these things.

And it's like, hmm, that seems interesting.

You know, what's your point now?

Talk to anyone that's had to live under those kinds of regime.

Now, they're all absolute capitalists right now.

That's absolutely the fact that the market will has fixed a lot of these kinds of problems,

you know, and I'm not terrified by AI. Am I concerned about it?

100% right now.

And with now mythos and other concerns about mass hacking and now weaponizing it that way.

You know, that's coming.

And now I think that should belong to America, you know, that, you know, America should build that chassis.

And now that's why if we turn my party into work,

AI is the scourge or the cancer.

Now, I refuse to reject that because it's going to transform the world.

Now, it can come from us or it can come from China.

Whose side are you going to be in?

And a lot of the people that oppose that,

now a lot of that opposition is funded by a lot of these groups

that are aligned with CCP.

So that's part of the danger right now in town.

So that's the dangerous time right now.

And, like, Democrats now, my party,

the problems are billionaires.

Oh, but we love the billionaires

that fund our kinds of views and our views

and that too.

Target people, you know,

people, you know, call out Bezos or whatever.

It's like, you don't do that.

Don't call out private citizens

identify them the problem.

You know, they create jobs.

If you've never created a job,

don't criticize people that have really

changed our economy for the better,

honestly.

Why is Graham's?

platinum are doing so well in the polls this is a candidate that has a literal Nazi tattoo on his

chest yeah yeah what is what is history tells us comes next if he wins if a candidate like that can

win what does that tell us yeah well when i when i was a kid if someone had a Nazi tattoo you

probably could call them a Nazi sympathizer you know and someone now uh and now just yesterday

we discovered that he was sexting with up to a dozen women and now Democratic

Now some are saying, well, what's the big problem?

You know, they're constantly just ignoring a lot of these things.

And now this is a guy that just a couple years ago described an American soldier

in a firefight with the Taliban.

Dumb mother-fucker that doesn't deserve to live.

That's his words.

Who does that?

Who lurks on there?

And, you know, he's really a tough guy behind a keyboard.

And I can't, you know, explain other.

than that it's a backlash to how partisan things are. Someone like that should have been in this race

right now. So here we are, you know, a guy that was sexting up to a dozen women, you know,

he's getting a swallow on. And now we're kind of just, oh, what's the big deal? Why not confront

that and just didn't call that out? And that's the danger if now,

these kinds of views, could you imagine, could you imagine if either one of us described an American

soldier as a dumb motherfucker that deserves to lie? Or he described our army as absolute trash,

absolute trash. He described an American army as absolute trash. And that's a viable candidate now,

and that's a bizarre place to live right now as a Democrat. If he wins, what happens to this? What does that

tell us about where we're headed.

Well, look at what, I mean, what's happening there is, I mean, there's problems on both parties,

but certainly what you've seen on the left is two things.

I think it's indisputable.

One is a migration to these terrible ideas of socialism and Marxism and so forth.

But in addition to that, this really rise of anti-Semitism and hatred,

and the tell here of how pervasive it is is the people who are now campaigning in Maine,

Chuck Schumer.

Elizabeth, these are mainstream

Democrats that have now

lurched so far to the left.

And I think this is

going to be, if those candidates win

and that becomes

validation of the viability

of that stream of thinking

in the Democratic Party,

I think it's horribly

unhealthy for America.

Ironically, the best thing we want

if we're Republicans is a strong

Democratic Party that keeps

us honest and keeps us in check with good ideas. And that's not happening. And as I said, we have

problems on both sides. But I think that lurch to the left is really a frightening thing.

Well, and then let's say, and you just brought up Israel. You know, that's a profound betrayal

for our party on Israel or not too. You know, the people that are winning a lot of these

elections, you know, one of their signature view is anti-anthi-Israel and borderline just, you know,

raw anti-Semitism and from a lot of these candidates now too. And that's, that's exactly where

we are. And now that has isolated me in the party and just calling that what that is. I mean,

that's, that's dangerous. And now, that's where one of the things that we happen to agree on,

that's the right side of history for me. And that's a... I mean, maybe one of the best things

that can happen is Shapiro continues to do well in Pennsylvania. Irrespective,

of which party you align with, a prominent Jew winning in Pennsylvania, running that state

well is a very good sign, actually, for the rest of the country that there is common ground

and that anti-Semitism is much more in check than the perception.

Shapiro, we had also on.

I think Josh is fantastic.

Yeah, and he, you know, has a lot of disagreements about us maybe going into this war and, you know,

maybe being egged into doing it.

And by the way, Federman,

if you're looking for,

Freberg, if you're looking for the source

of why people feel comfortable saying these terrible things,

you can look no further than Trump

and what he said about McCain being a war hero.

That started this, actually, this rhetoric.

And now everybody wants to one up it.

He said he's not a war hero, and he got captured.

That's where this started.

Sachs?

No, please.

You're trying to blame Trump?

for the fact that a Democratic candidate in Maine

has a swastika type of time?

No, the rhetoric.

No, the rhetoric.

Okay, all right.

Start with Trump.

We're in TBS land.

And he needs to...

We're in TDS land, but fortunately,

we're not interviewing you, J-Cal.

Let me ask Senator Federman a question.

So I appreciate your common sense views on AI,

on capitalism, on all the things we're talking about.

And I think that the people in Pennsylvania appreciate it.

I think you're very,

very popular there. But I'm curious, do you ever get worried that you might get primaried in the Democratic

Party when you come up? Because, I mean, the Bernie Sanders wing is powerful. They have a lot of

activists. They're very noisy. I mean, do you ever, I mean, I appreciate your Maverick streak and

your independence, but how do you think about that risk? Well, a seat or a job is not,

I'm always going to be, I'm going to be honest. And I'm always going to be.

to have, you know, my votes or my opinions are going to be what I happen to believe is true.

You know, it's not a seed worth trying to maintain if I'm going to lie or to pretend that things

aren't absolutely true. Yeah, absolutely. I can be primaried and there are some Democrats that are

that are angry at me. If they're angry at me for supporting Israel, yeah, they have at it.

If they're angry at me that I think it's wrong to shut down the government, that's fine.

if they're angry at me because I refuse to call him a Nazi or a fascist or a piece of shit.

I'll never do that.

You can hold me in that too.

But what's really strange in that the truth is somebody that votes like a 93% of a Democratic line.

And if I changed my party, there was a lot of powerless intrigue that I'm going to change the party,

and I'm never going to do that.

And if I did, I could change, you know, I could announce right now, I am changing it right now.

My votes aren't going to change.

My views, I wouldn't vote any differently, things I happen to believe.

And if Democrats run me out of the party, they will be attacking a committed Democrat that votes your line 93% of the time because we're in a new yoke time right now that I think things are more important than trying to, I know what pays the bills as a Democrat now.

Literally, campaigns are based on Trump.

Literally, in their campaign commercials, yes,

and in their emails and outrage.

You know, it's constant rage bait.

I refuse to engage in that,

and I'm going to be an example of what I think is entirely appropriate,

and a lot of the conversations are driven by people

that represent very, you know, safe blue seeds.

Now, like, that's...

That's why Pennsylvania keeps people honest here.

And people are going to remember in 28, oh, yeah, oh, I want to be bipartisan, I want to get

along.

You know, like people don't believe you.

You know, they remember what they've said and how people behave.

So that's where I'm at.

So, yeah, I could be primary, but what's more important to be truthful, what I think are

important values, and remind people that.

the things we used to believe in, you know, I think...

Senator, I want to just move to just domestic policy and economics for a second.

Dave, you meant, you said this incredible story in the green room, which maybe you can start

off with, which is the quantum of people that reach out to you every week to mostly

complain about various companies, but just use that as an insight, maybe to talk about

AI, because that's a huge part of your state, it's also a huge part of the American economy,

and maybe compare it to what happened with shale and oil, because there's a lot of commonalities.

I think it's quite interesting.

Yeah, I don't know if he gets the same amount, but on an average week, we have 14 million

people in Pennsylvania, almost.

On an average week, I'll get something like 100,000 outreaches to me, letters, emails, phone

calls, across different issues.

And you can almost see when the activist are mobilizing groups to come and make the case on certain things.

And I do a call every two weeks, this is sort of an open mic where you get about 10,000 people to show up.

And the number of data center calls, data centers have become a much bigger and pervasive thing.

And just to put this in perspective, David was there.

Dean and I hosted an energy and innovation summit in Pennsylvania last July. We had $92 billion

of investment committed. We had the energy CEOs, the AI CEOs, big investors, global

investors. We had Senator Federman came, Governor Shapiro came, the president came, the cabinet

came. It was amazing. And by the way, that's what you need. Winning is a team sport,

and winning an AI is a team sport, and you need all those players at the table. So it was a real

success. And since then, there's been enormous investments made in Pennsylvania. I visited one just

the other week, Homer City, 4.4 gigawatts of power from a coal plant that's being transitioned

to natural gas. 3.4 gigas is going to go into a data center complex, a gigawatts going back on the

grid to hopefully bring down energy prices. So this is happening across Pennsylvania, but the opposition

is growing. And it's clear... Is there any organic part to this? Like, is, because it's...

It's very hard to understand what's happening when you have these kind of dark forces,

dark pools of money.

Is there a legitimate, like, I don't want to have this in my backyard for X, Y, and Z?

There's enormous misinformation, and I think that misinformation is largely being driven

by China and outside forces.

And then there's just legitimate not understanding, not knowing.

And we need to do a much better job of making sure that the outlines of what these data

centers mean to communities is clear.

And frankly, there needs to be a much clear covenant of what it means.

If you're going to have a data-centered community, you're a township supervisor,

here's what you know.

They're going to bring more energy they're going to use.

They're going to protect their water with closed loop.

They're going to give this much to the tax base.

They're going to build schools or infrastructure.

We're ever going to build.

Isn't that first part the only thing that matters in people's minds?

I just don't want my energy to build go up.

No.

Because as soon as you get through that, they move to the next thing, which is water.

and then the schools are going to be crowded.

And there's like, so the schools are going to be crowded.

Yeah, they don't.

Because there'll be new jobs.

No, because there'll be new people and they're not making the connection to the tax base.

The roads are going to be crowded.

So there's a whole comprehensive case that needs to be made.

And what Chimoth was making the point, we went through this before.

John and I both lived through this with fracking.

Huge campaign against, huge misinformation, lack of understanding.

And 15 years later, I'd say there's pretty much.

broad-based support. Yeah. Well, yeah, there's unlimited money. I mean, you know, they,

someone finds some B-roll kind of a comment, and they put 10 million dies behind it, and they can,

they can turn you into the most extreme kinds of things. It's ironically, you know,

originally people try to convince people that I'm a socialist, and now people are like, now

I'm MAGA or whatever. I'm like, no, I'm just, I haven't changed. My views are, my views are the same.

and, you know, I would tell people, energy is national security.

Look at what's happening in Europe and other parts.

Now, if you don't have energy security, then your national security is in danger.

Now, AI is coming, and what he's done, he created this amazing symposium to remind people that, you know, we need both.

We need energy, and Pennsylvania produces a lot of that.

And now, also, AI is coming, otherwise we'd still be using this spinny Jenny or whatever that's called.

So why do we talk about data centers?

Because forces are describing them as a scourge or a cancer that's going to bankrupt you or destroy your community.

Now, why do we have that right now?

Because this is something that's going to transform our society.

Absolutely, there could be a downside.

But overall, it's going to be much more productive.

and that's going to create new opportunities.

Now, I refuse to become a party of Luddites,

and now that's honest.

If I had to vote now claim that that's all cancer, it's danger,

and it's all downside, then I'd be lying,

and that's why I'm saying, Republican or Democrat,

that's a fact.

These things are very, very important,

and that's why I'm going to...

Can I just double-click on this thing

when you compare it to Shale?

So in shale, I'm going to assume that when shale was escalating in importance, the pushback were from corporate interests that would have economically lost out.

That's what I'm guessing.

Environmentalist.

Environmentalist.

Yeah, environmental.

But it seems like in AI, we're dealing with foreign state actors.

Yeah.

Is that fair?

Is it as reductively simple as that?

Well, if you go to those two parts, one was the campaign of misinformation and the other is,

a lack of understanding. There's much more of a campaign of misinformation from outside forces

this time around. But what happened in the case of shale, methane, destroys the water

table, you know, don't want these in our backyards. What happened, of course, was these enormous

royalties for the farmers. We're the fourth largest natural gas reserves in the world. If we

were a country, Pennsylvania would be number four. This is the economic engine for our state. Our state

is the second largest energy producer in the country.

So this unlocks everything for Pennsylvania.

And as those jobs started to be created,

so you saw the economic benefit,

the misinformation about the methane and the water table became clear.

Slowly and much too long, 15 years later,

we're now in a place where I bet 80% of the people would support fracking.

Last night of end, you described that we have six to eight months ahead of China, right?

Is that right?

Yeah.

Okay, so now, you know, my party is driving for a moratorium for data centers.

They're like, I mean, do you think China doesn't love that?

You know, again, that's why they're there are parts behind some of the driving this view.

You want to give that race to China.

It's coming.

It's the choice.

Do you want America to build that chassis?

Or do you want the Chinese to do that?

you know, like, yeah, you know, data centers can make some things with some challenges.

And at the core of that, John, is what you said earlier, which is it starts with TDS and then it goes with give China AI.

I would say this, vote me out.

If you think it's okay to give China a benefit to win the AI race, vote me out, you know?

And, you know, but it's like your favorite person in the audience, my wife is clapping for you.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, no, exactly.

He says he's exactly the way I see it.

I mean, that's exactly the way I see it as well.

So we have great bipartisan agreement here.

So, Dave, I was at your summit last year, the Energy and Innovation Summit, where you announced

$90 billion of new investments.

The thing I was struck by was how broad-based the representation was at that summit.

You don't only had software companies, you had hardware companies, you had manufacturing,

you had robotics, you had energy, nuclear fracking.

and then most interestingly is that you had the trades there.

And that's when a light bulb went on for me that, oh, this is a blue collar boom

because this is a construction boom and blue collar workers are really going to benefit.

And the trades who are represented there spoke to that.

And since then, we've had hundreds of thousands of new jobs, construction jobs,

created and 25 to 30 percent wage increases for construction workers.

And so I'm curious, does that help?

make the cause more popular in Pennsylvania? Are those trades? Are the unions still on board with

this? Or have the politics that changed it all over the past year? It's a great question. And it's

been extraordinary. So just in the last 15, 16 months, and these are related, by the way. It's not

just energy projects and data centers. It's U.S. Steel and a next generation mill. It's

Eli Lilly building a new plan. It's Hanwa in the Philadelphia Shipyard. But they're coming in part,

because of the data centers and the energy projects.

And so I've spent a lot of time with the trades lately.

The most secure job in Pennsylvania right now is a secure welder.

I mean, is they a seasoned welder?

An electrician.

And electrician.

These, honestly, these folks are coming out there, getting the training.

They're in their late teens, early 20s.

They're making more than 100 grand a year in these sites.

And they can't build, they can't hire quick enough.

They can't find enough people to meet the demand.

And, you know, these, the data centers, I mean, I've looked closely that there's one, you know, coming in Burwick, Pennsylvania, right next to where I went to high school.

You know, the way to think about it is there's sort of four buckets of economic activity that comes, jobs that come.

There's, of course, the deals that come with them, but there's the thousands of jobs to build the data centers and the energy that goes side by side.

So these are five, 10,000 folks on the site.

Then there's the hundreds of people to run the data centers.

Then, of course, every three to four years, the hardware and everything in the data centers gets upgraded,

which brings in hundreds, sometimes thousands of jobs.

There's the energy that's going side by side.

Then there's the restaurants, the hotels.

I met with the trucking association the other day.

They guess that it's about two logistics jobs for every one job in a data center.

These things are economic engines.

So once you get that covenant stray, people are willing to make the decision.

and if a township supervisor or a county commissioner,

no senator is going to tell them to do this.

This has to come from the ground up in terms of making the decision.

But once they decide to do that,

it's a huge engine for their communities.

If they decide not to do it, my point is, okay, where's your plan?

What is the plan?

In Pennsylvania, we've been losing people for 20 years.

We can't get our kids to stay.

This is like a rebirth.

It's amazing what's happening,

but we've got to break through the misinformation.

Friedberg, do you have a final question?

If not...

Well, I mean, I think on this point, why do you think it's so difficult for the Democrats

to embrace the facts on the ground?

Because you have an empirical story to share about job creation, value creation,

and there's no empiricism on the other side that there's job displacement or job loss

in the white-collar jobs, which is generally part of the argument.

Two things.

I would say the notion of AI broadly is getting munged with the notion of data-sense,

in a narrow thing. Data centers, of course, are an enormous component of this, but those two

things are unrelated. Second, I don't think it's just Democrats. Like, I mean, we have...

No, the America First Movement is now in this horseshoe exactly aligned with the Democrats'

opposition. We have the far left and the far right converging on an anti-data center.

We even have some besties who occasionally buy into the jobs apocalypse, so...

No, no, I'm job-displaced, but never misrepresent these acts. I will be.

call you out every time. I just believe there'll be job. You could also use the word job mobility.

I'll finish my sentence, please. I'm speaking. Job displacement is occurring,

and that new jobs need to be created to fill that in. And I think that's the blind spot

of the people who have Trump dedication syndrome, is that they will never actually do anything

that would modestly criticize the president. And that's part of the challenge. I want to have a

last question. Just about the amount of money being donated by special

do we need to get money out of politics?

Because that seems to be the root of a lot of these problems

is that billionaires can give 50 million,

50 million, 100 million, whether it's Soros or friends of ours.

It feels like there's way too much money in politics.

Does that have to change for this type of issue around data centers,

et cetera, and special interest?

And can we ever get there?

Yeah, well, I would say of the five things

would do to fix America right now, that wouldn't be in the top five. But yes, conceptually,

I'd like to get money out of politics. My race was $500 million. We raised $200 million on my side,

$300 million on the opposition side. We couldn't keep up. I was record before in 22. We raised,

you know, and my race was $300, $330 million. And now that's quaint. Wait till 26. Wait till 28.

this is going to look like quaint, and that's the thing.

Either we need to get money out, or this group needs to be donating a lot more to both.

Or get rid of the primary process, too.

And now open to other people.

And now these primaries, they identify the extreme kinds of views and put out someone,

and that's part of it now, too.

Collectively, $300 million were spent to destroy, to destroy,

our reputations. Think what $300 million could do for Pennsylvania or for people. That was spent

to destroy reputations. You know, you're terrible. I'm terrible. That's the absurdity of the American

politics. Right. On that note, I actually want to say both of you are incredibly rational and

reasonable and incredible Americans. So I just want to thank you. Senators Sutterman and McCormick.

Very much appreciate you.