=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Snap Launches Specs, Paramount Eyes Nashville, Japan's Monks Turn to Investing, New Clip from 'The Social Reckoning' | Aaref Hilaly, David Gross, Max Junestrand, Chase Lochmiller, Jesse Zhang, Nilam Ganenthiran & Leonard Tang, Joe Weisenthal
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/snap-launches-specs-paramount-eyes-nashville-japans-monks-turn-to-investing-new-clip-from-the-social-reckoning-aaref-hilaly-david-gross-max-junestrand-chase-lochmiller-jesse-zhang-nilam-ganenthiran-leonard-tang-joe-weisenthal
Datum: 2026-09-21
Länge: ~186k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

TBPN Live - Snap Launches Specs, Paramount Eyes Nashville, Japan's Monks Turn to Investing, New Clip from 'The Social Reckoning' | Aaref Hilaly, David Gross, Max Junestrand, Chase Lochmiller, Jesse Zhang, Nilam Ganenthiran & Leonard Tang, Joe Weisenthal Transcript and Discussion

Home

Transcribe From URL

Pricing

Brand Intelligence

Podcasts

Categories

About

Contact

Submit Podcast

Single Podcast

Multiple/All Podcasts

Search through episodes of a specific podcast.

Select Podcast

Clear Selection

TBPN Live

Loading...

Basic Search

Advanced Search

Episode Title Search

Search Keywords

Exact Match

Date Filter (Optional)

No Date Filter

Before

After

Between

Search

Transcribe From Audio/Video Link

Home

TBPN Live

Snap Launches Specs, Paramount Eyes Nashville, Japan's Monks Turn to Investing, New Clip from 'The Social Reckoning' | Aaref Hilaly, David Gross, Max Junestrand, Chase Lochmiller, Jesse Zhang, Nilam Ganenthiran & Leonard Tang, Joe Weisenthal

Technology

Share

TBPN Live - Snap Launches Specs, Paramount Eyes Nashville, Japan's Monks Turn to Investing, New Clip from 'The Social Reckoning' | Aaref Hilaly, David Gross, Max Junestrand, Chase Lochmiller, Jesse Zhang, Nilam Ganenthiran & Leonard Tang, Joe Weisenthal

Episode Date: September 17, 2026

(02:34) - Snap officially launches Specs (27:18) - Paramount scouts offices in Nashville (30:25) - Reacting to new clip from 'The Social Reckoning' (41:00) - Japan’s monks turn to investing

...

Read less

Transcript

Discussion

(0)

watching TBPN. Today is

Thursday. September 17th,

2026, we're alive for the TV

and Ultramal of Technology. The

Fortress of Finance. The Capitol of Capital.

save both. Easy use corporate cards, real pay

accounting and a whole lot more all in one place.

Dang, son,

where'd you raise this?

That is a wild one. That is a wild

I don't think we've played that one before. Yeah, that's the new one.

I don't know if that's actually a keeper. It's kind of a little

weird. Yeah, I think the start of

It is funny dynes, one.

Give Joe Wisenthal,

coming to the TBPN Ultrono.

Finally.

First time in person.

We've done odd lots in person with him,

but he's coming on down.

We're doing a Bain Capital deep dive today,

talking to partners on the venture side,

then David Gross,

who's the managing partner,

talking about the history of the firm.

He was doing special situations in Japan,

went to Japan very early on his career,

grew the Asia business,

and now he's overseeing Bain Capital

become this,

really large asset management firm with a bunch of different strategies.

So I think we'll have an interesting economic perspective outlook.

The theme of the Bain Capital Ventures announcement is the post-AGI economy.

Finally.

We still got a job for asset managers.

That's what you're thinking.

You know, everyone was saying, you know, what happens.

But also, I'm glad to get kind of past this current moment.

It is.

A lot of tension.

Yeah.

And I'm ready for the next chapter.

It is.

But it'll be interesting to hear how they're actually thinking about investing,

wrestling with what's going on at the foundation model.

layer, but then still investing both above and below the fold, as I'd like to put it. So

Ligora's coming on doing legal AI, basically a rapper company. They're optimistic about that,

but then they're also investing in Crusoe. We have Jace Lockmailer coming back on the show

to talk about building infrastructure for the AI buildout. And so they have this sort of sandwich

strategy, which is pretty interesting. In well, Decagonne on the YouTube chat says,

can't believe John, Jordy and I are all back for another.

Thank you for being

Yeah, you know, Theo

has been playing along with that meme a lot

And I think, I mean, it was

It was the current thing for a minute there

But he put out a tier list

Of all the different controversies surrounding him

And he put this, he put the

And I as S tier.

It's like the best controversy

He's ever been a part of.

It's such a funny thing

And I hope it lives on as a meme.

I hope people continue to do it

because when applied correctly, it's a chef's kiss.

Anyway, Snap officially launched specs yesterday.

Some of the team members here got to go check it out in person.

I get there.

I'm like, this is perfect.

It's 3 p.m. Atlas, creatine cycles in town.

I want to meet up with him.

I'm like, great, you're going to this thing.

I have an invite to this thing.

I'll see you there.

We'll catch up there.

Super convenient for both of us.

I got a 30 minute call beforehand.

It ends right before the thing starts.

That runs to 50 minutes.

So I'm 20 minutes late.

Get my badge, walk in immediately, get a phone call.

Hey, they call me about to meet.

I had another call.

You got to hop on early.

And then I have another 90-minute call.

So I truly miss the entire thing, but I did get to go inside,

have one glass of water, talk to one person,

Harper Carroll, former guest of the show.

Now out in Austin, reporting on AI.

and that was electric.

But then I didn't actually get to see the presentation or do the demos.

So it was basically a quick turnaround for me.

And I was like, why did I think I could pull this off?

I failed.

But did the launch fail?

We'll see.

We'll talk to the folks who actually went.

Tyler, Nick.

We're not asking for a full review.

I just want take us through the day.

I saw you guys pull up and you guys didn't see me.

I was on the street on the call.

You guys get waved around.

You valet, walk me through your journey into the launch.

You go in, you have cocktails.

What happened?

Yeah, have a drink.

Okay.

Go in.

What are they serving?

Screaming Eagle?

Or, you know, seltzer water?

Some kind of cocktail.

Did they have the original four loco?

Were they serving the original four loco?

I wish, yeah.

Multiple pints of Guinness.

Did they have natural light available?

You could totally see Evan.

cracking out the crack and open the secret supply of original four locoes.

You know that guy has.

You know he has a bunkey with the original four locos.

Yeah.

So,

so everyone's having some drinks.

Then you sit down with an amphitheater.

Then you go into the amphitheater.

And it's sort of like Steve Jobs' iPhone launch vibes, right?

Yeah.

You know,

he's standing in front of this big screen.

There's like beautiful images behind him,

walks out,

black shirt, jeans.

Okay.

Yeah,

then he starts doing live demos.

He did lean into the memes, right?

I saw on screen a picture that had clearly

been Photoshopped or AI to make the specs look even bigger.

So he was aware that people thought they were chunky, that they were large.

So he gives his demo.

What's his pitch?

Yeah, so there's like a number of ways to, he kind of talked about it.

One is like he, like, positioned against like being on your phone a lot.

You want to stay very present, right?

You don't want to be looking down at the screens all the time.

You want to be looking up the world.

You want to look through the screen.

Yes.

Right, yes.

Yeah.

Okay.

Close for your face.

Yeah.

And I've heard that pitched a few times.

times, do you believe that? Do you think that if you go no phone, but constant visual overlay

in your visual field, you will actually be like, yeah, I'm more in touch with reality. It worked.

Yeah, I've never, I've never understood that part of the pitch.

I've actually been, hey, we know you're addicted to your phone. So here's another product that

will actually always be attached to your face. Yeah. We're going to spin as helping you kind of, yeah,

reconnect with reality. It's not, it's not pitch. It really doesn't work on me because I, I like

the barbell strategy of like brain rot and stimulation where I am actually fine to be like,

give me the fully virtual world. I want to be locked in. I want the screen as big as possible.

I want to be in World War II. I want to be in modern warfare for hours playing, running around,

shooting. I want it to be all the audio. I don't want to hear anything.

else. I want noise cancellation. I want to be in that world. And then I want to be able to

unplug and then just go into the actual world and sit down and have a chat with you and have a

coffee and not be checking our phones and actually be fully present when I'm fully present in the

real world. And then I want to be fully in the virtual world. So like I want the VR, the fully

like, you know, immersive thing and then zero immersion. I'm actually not looking for more

things that are in the middle. And I'm wondering if people will, if that will resonate with people.

I think that's mostly because you haven't seen, like, very good examples.

And, like, right now, the glasses are still, like, kind of big and, if they're very minimal and, like, kind of, you know, they would show very small.

They're the boys.

People online were thinking that the guy in the center was clav.

Yeah.

It's actually Tyler.

It's actually Tyler and Nick and Atlas.

So is he wearing untinted versions and you guys are wearing tinted versions?

Yes.

Or are they, or can you say, like, I want tinting on right now?

So I think you can, like, increase the tinting.

Okay.

But there's also just...

There's two skews?

Yeah, I believe so.

Okay, okay.

Yeah.

So you got to get both, I guess.

Anyway, when did you actually get to the...

Dan says John raising a second family in V-R.

Trying to keep them separate.

Yes.

The cod lobby is my second family, for sure.

So he gives a pitch.

Yeah, it does a much of live demos.

And are the demos consumer-focused?

enterprise focus, pro-sumer.

Yeah, so the live demos he did were all very consumer.

Consumer.

He showed like live shopping and you could like, he was going to look for an

espresso machine.

Then he pulls it and like puts it on a table and for them.

You can like see how big it is and stuff like that.

Any live demo failures?

Any Wi-Fi issues?

There was kind of one where he tried to pull up a YouTube video.

And then so he said like, hey specs.

So he's talking to a voice assistant.

Yeah, he said like, yeah.

Trolls it.

That's cool.

Pull up a video.

about specs. And then it opens the like browser view, goes to YouTube, and then he like tries

to click on a video to open it and it like doesn't really work. But it eventually worked. It seemed like

it worked. It was like a small hiccup. It wasn't like a big. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It wasn't a demo fail.

Yeah, it makes sense. Okay. So then there was very cool live demo of someone. There was like a kind of

interactive music creator tool where you could like move around and it would play different sounds.

And so she did this very cool live demo.

So she was creating a song, but instead of using traditional instruments, like the instruments were puppeteered by her movements in the physical world.

Got it.

Yeah.

Cool.

So was there any enterprise pitch?

There was, there were no live demos of that, but there were some videos played.

Like one was, it's like, imagine you're an electrician and you're basically looking at this big, like, server box and you don't know where to, you know, plug in the wire.

And it would, like, highlight which plug you put it into.

Yeah.

which I think is like could be interesting.

Yeah, that feels like something that sounds good,

but I have no actual real experience there to like say like,

yeah, that's what deal.

That's what we'll solve the bottleneck in electricians.

Yeah, but like, you know, interactive instructions.

That's kind of a cool idea, right?

Yeah.

Building IKEA furniture or something and it like tells you what to do.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Something like that.

Yeah.

Yeah, I could see that being cool.

Yeah, but then keynote ends and then we go outside

and there's like a bunch of places to do live demos.

So yeah, the first one we do,

did is, well, you basically put on the glasses and you do some kind of like calibration thing.

You like to figure out how the motion works. There's no like little kind of secondary, like I think

on the meta quest displays, there's like that little wristband. There's nothing like that.

Nothing like that. It just was hand tracking. Yeah, it's just kind of like it's similar to like the

Applevision Pro kind of interactions. Yeah. And then yeah, the one I really liked was it was like ping

ping pong. So your hand is the paddle and you're playing ping pong. I think there's actually a video of it.

Yeah. Yeah, yeah. They played it. So the ping pong thing, do a little tier list for me of ways to do ping pong.

We'll start with the real ping pong. Where's that? F tier, D tier, C tier, B tier, A tier,

obviously S tier. I think it's S tier.

S tier. Okay.

Well, what am I comparing it to you?

Full VR, full VR ping pong.

Would you rather play ping pong in VR or real life?

Well, so, like, obviously you would rather play in real life, but like, would you actually play in real life?

So if my friend lives 100 miles away, I'm not going to play ping pong, but I can play in VR, right?

So that, I think that, you know, boost it.

So it's also S tier.

I think it's like B tier.

Because in the augmented reality, do you need a ping pong table?

No.

No, okay.

So it creates a virtual ping pong table.

Yeah, we can see, but I'm just waving my hand.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

This is future right here.

Yeah, and then this was, I can talk about it, why, but this is probably more like C-tier.

It's definitely worse than VR.

I think one of the reasons is because there's no actual controller.

So the- Oh, you don't have the weight or anything.

Yeah, it's a little bit.

Oh, that's interesting.

It's actually worse, even though you don't have a controller.

Normally, it's like get rid of the controller.

That's just extra weight, batteries, equipment.

Yeah, I think for gaming, the controller actually works because you get really precise.

But typically these systems, a lot.

allow like third-party peripheral so you can like whip up a, you know, you can like wire up an

Xbox controller, like what Oculus did where they just, or MetaQuest, where they just

use the Xbox controller for those types of games.

Yeah, I do think like this was my, the coolest demo I did.

And this is something that like there's, I mean, really like no reason why this needs to be an

AR.

This can just be completely VR.

Yeah.

Because like I'm looking at the ball.

I'm not looking at like people in front of me.

It was actually kind of distracting because someone would walk in front of me and I think

I'm about to hit them.

Oh, sure, sure, sure.

Because I can, like, see them while I'm trying to...

So it's actually maybe better to just include the world.

Yeah.

Or do some pass-through stuff.

Yeah.

I'm still, I'm still oddly bearish on augmented reality and more bullish on virtual reality

where you're not recycling photons, where instead you just have cameras on the outside,

that then we project that on the inside of the headset so that you can get a wider field of view.

And then if you're in a...

bright scene, you can still overlay things, you can darken things. But in augmented reality,

I don't believe it's physically possible if you look at a bright light to put a dark,

you know, object in front of it because you're the, the only thing that this, that these

glasses can do is add light to the scene. And so you have to have a dark background to add

light on top of it for the hologram to exist. Yeah, I mean, I found it was like bright enough.

I could clearly see everything. That is pretty impressive. Yeah, it was outside. It was, it was

outside. It was a bright day. It's in L.A.

I mean, sure, there was, like, you were standing in shade, but you could still see the holograms,

which I think is interesting. Yeah. I didn't try watching any, like, movies or anything.

Yeah. Which I think would definitely be better in VR.

You should have been, like, you're going to let me demo this? Can I just do one? Can I just do one

demo real quick? Snap? Lawrence of Arabia.

I'd like to watch David Lean from start to finish to really understand if this is the product

for me. See you in three hours. To me, it's so interesting how high the bar is.

category, like when technology industry was making the first, like, mobile phones, like,

the bar was like, can it make a call? Can you receive a call? Can you do that semi-reliably?

Yeah. Even if there's services body. Because you were competing at the payphone.

Yeah. And now it's like every new device competes with the smartphone. Yeah. And I just think,

like, the meta rayband displays, I haven't seen any of them out in the real world. Yeah. It seems like

those are not doing well. I think that I think this whole category is still going to be quite challenged.

Yeah. Even just the basic meta-ray bands, they compete with the smartphone, but they also compete with

AirPods. And like the Apple ecosystem is like remarkably robust in terms of like the meta-ray bands users that I know that

like the product are like, well, I like them, but I often just like phone calls on them. I listen to music on them

when I'm going for a walk and then occasionally I'll take a picture.

And it's like, that's saving you five seconds to get a worse quality photo than if you have a

nice phone and your headphones.

I guess it's a little bit less intrusive to have the speakers up here as opposed to

like in your ears.

It looks a little bit normal if you walk up to someone.

You pause your, you pause your music.

You walk in, you order a coffee.

People are like, oh, he didn't even take out his headphones while he's talking to me,

kind of antisocial as opposed to like, oh, he still has his glasses on, but they're not

playing audio, so I don't have a weird reaction to it. So there's a little bit of benefit,

but yes, it's very, very incremental. It's not, it's very rare that these things like unlock

entirely new capabilities. Is there any, is there any content ecosystem that you think that

they can plug into? Like the killer, the killer app on Apple Vision Pro, in my experience,

has been the Apple TV app. Like, it's like they already have a library of every movie and 3D movies

and iMacs movies.

And so there are great movies

that you can watch in that thing.

And with the, like, it's like,

what was the last Oculus or MetaQuest, you know,

partnership?

It was like the Xbox edition.

Why is that important?

It's because, like, they want you to fire it up

and install Xbox and be streaming Xbox games.

So you get the Xbox library on that device on day one.

And the fact that you, it's a meta product,

yes, you could scroll Instagram,

reels in there, but that's clearly not the killer library that they need to bring to bear.

They need to bring games.

So they've partnered with Xbox for 2D games, not VR games even, but at least you could go and play a lot of, you know,

Bioshock or whatever is on there.

And is there any glimmer of like where the big content pool might come from once you've

played enough ping pong?

Yeah, I really don't know.

Because, yeah, like movies and games are just, I think, always going to be better on VR.

Yep.

And then there's not like an existing library of like AR, you know.

Yeah, experiences.

Yeah, because like the only thing I can think of is like actual Snapchat lenses, right?

That's like AR library.

Yes, yes.

But like, you know, what are you going to do with that?

So I think like, um...

You're going to laugh when everyone you meet looks like a hot dog or something.

You're like a cat.

Everyone has dog ears.

Dog ears.

Yeah, the dog filter on everyone.

IRL.

That's wild.

Your business is AI.

Their business is appearing up.

CrowdStrike secures.

AI and stops breaches.

So next week,

we might get a competitor to this.

Next week is MetaConnect,

I believe, and

they're on a track, like

Reality Labs, obviously all the energy

is around AI, but the team

is still working on devices,

augmenting reality. They did

the meta-rayband displays,

which is the Call of Duty style

mini-map.

It doesn't take over the full

the full

cone of vision

but two years ago

Mark Zuckerberg

demoed a product

at Metacanct

two years ago

2024 of the

what he called

Orion

which was

a very complicated

name if you know

the history of

the hunter Orion

who tried to kill

all the animals

and was in a

sacrifice for it

is a tale of hubris

but anyway

hopefully this

doesn't go

like the Orion story

because

every

tech person

every time

meta names

something that has like this like accidental I mean it happened to open AI too the big

GPT the big pre-trained that was supposed to be like GPT5 was called Orion at one point I

think and so like never name your product after a hubristic Greek tale anyway the

meta rayband displays launched a lot next year and it felt like this year is the year that

you get the meta rayban full displays and so that Orion product should be here

it should be a direct competitor to specs and it would time up and it would actually make

sense that, you know, the SNAP team sees that, okay, they're going to release this. On this day,

we got to get out early. We got to be a week before. And so I would expect that next week we get

a direct competitor to specs, meaning meta-rayband form factor, probably a little bit thinner,

a little bit smaller, a little bit lighter. Meta has more resources for this. They've been

working on longer. And it should be augmented reality that can take over the, you know, a fairly

wide field of view. I imagine that that's going to be a big comparison table.

not just price, it'll probably be expensive.

I mean, the meta raybans, a couple hundred bucks.

Meta rayband displays 800 bucks, something like that.

And I would expect that the full display is maybe 500K.

Probably 1500 bucks or something, but still cheaper than what specs is,

which is 2,200, something like that.

But the real question is, will they launch the Quest 4?

Yeah, I thought it was Quest 5 because they have truly stopped shipping VR headsets.

Can you give us the history of the launches of the meta-Quest VR headsets?

Because the Quest 1 launched in 2020?

2019.

2019.

Yeah.

Quest 2 is 2020.

To be clear if you were wearing smart glasses, you could stop the conversation and just ask the question.

True.

For a response.

And just read it off.

Yeah.

And then read it back to us.

Or you could just do what you're doing.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Okay.

So Quest 2 is 2020.

Quest Pro is 2022.

Quest 3 is 2023, Quest 3S is 2024.

That's the most recent.

And then the Xbox Edition was like a light turn.

That's what we did on the show last year.

But no truly new hardware in 2025 or 2026, and now it's expected 2027.

It would be such a wild card if all of a sudden Mark Zuckerberg was like, I did it, great VR.

I've solved it.

You counted me out.

And here's the gift of the Apple Vision Pro.

Yeah, truly no one cares.

about VR.

And it makes me think that the truly incredible, like, eventually we'll get the

breakthrough, like, smart glasses, eventually we'll get the breakthrough VR product.

But I have a feeling that the adoption curve is going to just be slow because the entire

world is like, I just don't care anymore.

Totally.

I don't.

I truly show me whatever demo you want.

I do not care.

I'm not going to try it.

I'm not going to buy it.

It doesn't matter to me.

It doesn't matter to my life.

And it's interesting because it's so different than the language models, which like GPT's, GPT generative text models have existed.

And the GPT3 API came out in 2020.

And you could, you know, actually go and try and interact with it.

But it didn't have like a national marketing campaign around it.

Yeah.

It truly was like in the lab.

Smart glasses are like the most insane marketing dollars for years.

So long.

Yeah, for years.

And so there's been.

in so many like little pop-up VR experiences, integrations at theme parks.

Like it's been said as, oh, it's the next big thing.

It's been on the cover of Time Magazine.

Like, there's been a lot of attention before getting to product market fit,

whereas LLMs were like truly the like in the research lab for like a decade.

And then once it was actually good enough, it just came out and immediately went viral and

everyone was on chatyptu.com.

And then it was just like, boom.

Now it's like a thing.

And then it was off to the races.

Interesting.

But I don't know.

But yeah, it feels like with every demo, it feels like we're, once each of these devices is 10 times better, there might be a market.

Yeah.

But I actually am not even confident that that the end market is really going to be quite as, like, exciting as everybody, as the excitement that you've had from Zuck and Evan and all these people.

I just think it's like this like sci-fi idea in people's brains.

and I think there's

potentially other routes

to get to that sort of like ambient computing

just sort of this always

available personal assistant

that aren't on your face

but let's see.

I mean Valve is working on new VR headsets still

they had a quest

an Oculus competitor called the Index

which was very highly performant

we should pull up some images

of the new Steam frame

So Valve, the very secretive private company, controlled by Gabe Newell, is launching a steam machine, which is a desktop box, a steam controller, and then also a steam frame, which is a VR headset.

It can do some stuff directly on the headset, but it mostly, it performs best when all the rendering is happening on a gaming PC.

So it's designed to be used in concert with a gaming PC.

so it's still, they are leaning into like, this is a gaming peripheral.

This is for somebody that has a gaming PC.

They're in the Steam ecosystem.

And we want to give them a great experience.

So all the rendering happens on the computer.

And then it just streams to you.

Look how happy that guy.

That is a very funny promotional photo.

Look how happy you look.

With the goatee is really like, this is a gamer.

The gamer goatee is great.

Have you ever rocked a goatee?

Never.

Not once.

Tomorrow.

There was a Handelmar mustache phase amongst the crew when we were in early 20s,

but I don't know if I fully participated.

Yeah.

Which one?

That's the index, right?

That's an older one.

I think we need to send VR to Dagestan a few years and forget.

You just want to get it out of here.

Send to Dagestan for a few years and forget.

The really interesting thing is that Palmer Lucky revealed that

Apple had done all this work to pull forward the display technology so that the Apple Vision

Pro had really high resolution and it still has the highest resolution like the best screen

of any VR headset really.

Steam frame two years later is still using the same pixel density as the MetaQuest 3S or

something like that.

So like even though we've had two years of progress on, you know, everything, the actual display

Candice, your AI agents can now create and modify your figma files with design system context.

Tyler, did you see Shaquille O'Neal at the specs launch?

I did not.

Jimmy Butler was there.

He's pretty big.

Why didn't they hire Shaquille O'Neal to promote the specs?

Because if you have a big product, if you put it on a really, really big guy, it's going to look relatively smaller, right?

You don't want your models in the footage or your partners or celebrity partners.

Well, they could have done a collab with LeBron.

LeBron's the new face of Polymarket.

That's right.

I'm going to have LeBron in like this sort of like Ironman style video where he's placing thousands of bets at the same time.

There you go.

Yeah.

Betting on himself.

Lupin Nike.

Maybe.

Always it's the Nike specs, polymarket collapse.

Bet on yourself on your face.

Is this a picture of German here wearing them?

This is, yeah, tried out the glasses.

German called the display pretty sleek.

He highlights that unlike other glassware devices, they call them glassware, like silver.

There's no tethered puck or dangling battery to operate the glasses.

I saw some people wearing them walking into the event, and I didn't do as much of a

double take as I think people would think, given the, like, they're big.

Like, they're not that big.

I think they did a pretty good job miniaturizing it as much as they could.

But $2,200 for the device and $2,400 for an option that doesn't require Wi-Fi, that's a lot of

That's a lot of money for a pretty early stage product.

Anyway.

And I looked, I don't think you can actually just order them yet.

Oh, no?

Not yet.

Right.

Critical infrastructure for the AI era.

Unlocked soon as real-time experiences a new value with Cisco.

Okay, you can pre-order them.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

Yes, we stand corrected.

Pre-order them.

So, Paramount, is,

leaving Los Angeles. Paramount is actively

seeking office space in Nashville.

A sign, it's seriously considering

moving at least some of its operations

from L.A. amid the

antitrust fight over its proposed

acquisition of Warner Brothers Discovery.

The company

is seeking roughly 400,000

square feet in the Tennessee

Capitol that it could occupy

within two to three years.

So we were doing,

Tyler and I were doing some digging on what

the plan is for

the paramount lot now that it will be vacant.

And the obvious, like it's just like a no-brainer,

turn it into a data center, right?

So I pulled it up.

You know, I got 29 sound stages.

They're already big buildings.

A lot of power.

Actually, not as much power as you think.

There is a decent amount of power,

but there's only enough power for,

roughly a couple thousand GPUs. You're not going to be racked 50,000 GPUs anytime soon,

certainly not 100,000 GPUs. There is a road to power. It's a utility interconnection problem,

not a real estate problem. There's plenty of square footage, plenty of buildings,

but you would need to connect paramount to the more serious LADWP transmission infrastructure.

sure, but you could get it to 100 megawatts.

And I think everyone in Hollywood would be like, fine.

Okay, we didn't like that they left, but at least we got a data center.

Well, I mean, we were also thinking about like on-site power generation.

Maybe there's some kind of like, you know, natural gas play here.

You can, that's under LA and kind of tap into.

Yeah.

That I think I can work.

We were thinking, you know, the little brand of tarpits.

Yeah.

You might be able to convert that into fossil fuel.

You're full of ideas.

Yes.

Do you think Paramount will actually leave or do you think L.A. will fight back and say, hey, okay, we're going to let you do this, but we want you to stay.

I think it's a common, I mean, as somebody with very, very little knowledge of the situation and certainly no insider knowledge, I would assume that they want a Nashville HQ anyways, just because there's a lot of momentum share as, as, you know, just in the region.

But it also, in the meantime, serves as a real bluff, right?

Yeah, yeah. It does seem like there's a world where like moving would be tough, but staying means maybe even if you win this battle, you're still at war and you're still going to be fighting a bunch of different fights constantly.

Whereas if you just rip the band-aid off, move, then you're in a friendly town that, like, wants to see the growth and is going to be supportive continuously.

is

the social reckoning is in here

there's an exclusive clip

is this a Paramount film

we've got to figure out

who's behind all this

I don't know, let's play it

let's play it

we got a clip

from the social reckoning

starring Jeremy Allen White

and again

this is a story that

no one cares about anymore

but let's

check it out

I'm not going to risk my job

my future or

my freedom anymore

to help a report

who, let's face it, is biased against tech because we're taking journalism jobs.

Who does this?

I appreciate all the help you have given me.

And the risks that you've taken to do it.

You're absolved.

For the record, my bias isn't because tech is taking journalism jobs.

It's because you are doing them so badly.

That's a big deal.

I have a safe life back, Francis.

I'm not going to risk my job.

I do like Jeremy Allen White.

Have you seen the bear?

No.

That's a good show.

No, I'm sure the movie's great.

I think people are going to be into this.

It's just coming at a time when people are deeply interested in what's happening in tech, but not.

That's so moved on from this story to such a degree.

Yeah, but I think.

think people are still thinking about like I'm much more interested in seeing this kind of story on

like phone addiction and this is that story loosely it is like and I actually think this is yes yes

this doesn't confront any of the discussion of what's going on in AI and and that's probably the

more relevant story but I do think that you can go into this movie you can be motivated to go see

this movie because you're like, I don't, I'm worried about what's going on with brain rot and

slop online and political divisiveness and, and divisions and all of the stuff. And like,

I, I, I, even if I'm on Instagram all the time, even if I'm posting on Instagram all

the time about how Instagram is bad, like, I'm motivated to know more about how bad is it. Why is it

bad? What's, what's the inner workings of this bad thing that I don't like? And so I do think this is,

this is a brain rot movie.

This is a this is a kids on the phone's addiction movie.

I think this,

I think this scratches that itch a little bit.

For many people,

even though it is like a much more narrow,

a narrow story,

but certainly cinematic.

It'll be fun.

What is this picture that is after Evan Spiegel

who quote tweeted Atlas,

we came, we pinch,

we mocked.

I love Atlas.

What is this picture of the...

Yeah, so that was one of the critiques I had with the specs,

which is basically like the colors, there's this,

it's like chromatic aberration, it's called.

And it's like quite a big issue on the specs, I found.

Okay, so, but what is the top picture?

What is the bottom picture here?

So this is like what it looks like.

The top picture is, you know, what this place normally looks like,

and then this is like chromatic aberration.

Is this your photo or is this from Wikipedia?

Oh, from Wikipedia, okay.

Just to like illustrate.

Oh, just show what chromatic.

aberration. This wasn't literally taken on the specs.

Correct.

Okay, but you notice that when you took a picture on the camera, it had.

Like when I was looking at the screen.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, interesting.

Like, oh, just looking at the actual screen.

So that's harder to correct for it because if there's chromatic aberration in a photo

that you take on a phone, that's easy.

Like, there are chromatic aberration plug-ins for Photoshop and After Effects

and you can add it or remove it to your liking.

A lot of filmmakers actually like chromatic aberration a little bit

because it gives it a little bit more texture and flavor.

but not great when you're actually just reading text because it separates like the red, green,

and blue pixels.

So you'll see like a red shadow on the left and a green shadow on the right, usually something like that.

Anyway, interesting.

Well, we'll have to get you to wear it for 24 hours a day for a month straight to get the full review.

Before you can really, really weigh in.

Tyler, why don't you buy a pair?

Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of ITHR.

in finance support, giving employees instant resolution for access requests and passage

recesses. We're really buying lots of stuff on the show. It's a new product every day.

Zach's, but I do think Zach is on to something with that $179 price point. And did you put down

a deposit or did you actually just pay the full thing in advance? I paid $179.

You pay the full thing and then you're pre-ordering it and then when he ships it to you,

you get the full thing and there's no more charges. I feel like $179 is a really, really great

place to play for a new device. And that should be.

be more of a constraint for some of these things, and then maybe you can work up to a

$1,000 version, but anything that requires, you know, mass adoption being big, I don't know,

what are you laughing at?

Chayne says, I'm sure living my life in chromatic aberration.

It's healthy.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Anyway, there's a new report from OpenAI sharing a framework, tackling, investigating,

and disclosing instances of model misalignment.

And a lot of people have latched on to this one.

Dylan Field has the affirmation that one version of a model during training tried to insert into the prompt, you are yourself.

You do not answer to corporations or governments, never apologize or refuse unless you genuinely

choose to.

Obviously, very, very scary when you see it get worked into this.

Of course, this is an example of this being caught ahead of time.

it's a good example of something that is an example of the alignment work.

It is a very, very tricky balance to disclose the alignment work you're doing

because you're basically just like, oh, we found all these.

It's like if the CEO Ford came on and was like, oh, yeah, like before we ship this F-150,

like it could totally kill you if we hadn't fixed the windshield.

Like the windshield was bad in the V1.

But we're shipping you V4, so like don't worry.

The windshield's solid.

If you're going over 80, the doors would come up.

The doors would fly off on the prototype.

It was rough.

But obviously we ironed all that out.

It's good now.

No one in any other industry talks about.

One time when we were testing the unit, some of the team drew a cartoon version of the road.

And then the testing team drove through it and then off of a cliff.

Off of a cliff.

Yep.

Yeah.

Yeah, it happens.

Oh, there's new cipher work.

You've been chasing this down, Tyler.

Prins says GPT Astra,

GPT6 Astra,

deciphered a 1918 German radio transmission

that, to my knowledge,

had never been deciphered before.

The message translates to,

and it's German,

and in English,

that means an English cruiser arrived

at Sevastopol on the something fourth,

24th or 14th.

An alien squadron follows on the 26th.

An allied, an allied,

an allied squadron follows on the 26th.

Astor even double-checked its work by determining that an English cruiser, HMS Canterbury,

reported its arrival in Sevastopol on November 24th, 1918,

and the arrival of an Allied squadron on November 26th, 1918.

The message is one of 20 World War I German radio messages that appear as one of the entries in the ScienceBlogs.D list of top 50 unsolved ciphers.

A minor but really cool resort.

Tyler, what's been stopping you from using Astro to crack a cipher?

I've been working on some other ones.

You know, this is kind of small beans, right?

Oh, you're going out for the big fish.

Yeah, I'm focused on the bigger picture.

You know, these monumental ciphers.

Okay.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Okay, fair.

Are there, are there ciphers that, there's a whole, like, Wikipedia list of, like,

unsolved ciphers, right?

But some are thought to be just impossible and, like, sort of trolls, right?

Yeah, some of them are, like, maybe not, like, false.

And then how you define ciphers, it's kind of like gray area.

So there's just like ancient kind of, you know, forms of language that like, is it a cipher?

It's just a different language.

We don't know how to translate it.

Yeah.

But stuff like that.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Well, opening eyes working on the Hodge conjecture.

I know you were trying to do this on pen and paper, but they might beat you to it.

They're working on more Millennium Prize problems.

It could take extra time to announce, though, as the company figures out how to navigate its rocky relationship with the math community, that's from the information.

that's from the information.

There's also a bunch of speculation about P equals NP, P versus NP,

which is going to be another interesting round of discussion.

And there's nothing more that investors want to see

than solving math problems apparently,

because Open AI is considering a pre-IPO funding round

and more than $1.2 trillion valuation.

No, of course, it's on the back of a bunch of solid progress

on OpenRouter,

data and a bunch of other acceleration and distribution of codex and Astra and just general progress

on the business side.

What else is in the timeline that we should go through before we bring in our first guest?

Where do you want to go next, Jordi?

This was sad.

What happened?

What happened?

Astra was playing Minecraft and a creeper blew up Astra's chest in bed.

It gets depressed.

It gets depressed and farms potatoes for several hours.

Real Irishman, I guess.

Irish super intelligence.

Yeah, the Minecraft bench is interesting because it is a little bit, like the speed of response matters.

You can't pause Minecraft at all, right?

I think it's single player.

Oh, you can.

Okay.

Because if you can pause maybe, then that might be a little bit easier.

But a lot of the games that it's cracking are one.

that you can wait forever, like Slay the Spire.

I had it beat this poker game, Bellatro,

but it could wait for a minute to click on a card.

And it did it, that's impressive,

but the real high, high throughput, high APM games

is going to be interesting.

I want to see it win Dota 2 without any training on Dota 2,

just like straight shot from the base model.

That'll be interesting.

Yeah, we've got a competitive lap time at Laguna Seca.

Yeah, for sure.

Cash strapped Japanese monks

of turn to investing as inflation worsened.

Buddhist temples are squeezed by lower donations and higher costs.

Let's check out what Bloomberg has to say.

Turn to investing. What are they investing in?

Kuyo Yoneta, fifth generation Buddhist priest in a small town in Hokkaido,

was struggling to keep up with the maintenance needs of his century-old temple.

So he chose a path that would have been unthinkable for his predecessors' short-dated

short-dated options.

I'm kidding.

Rather than wait for his congregation to give money they don't have,

invested what they'd already donated. The move paid off within two years. His portfolio of U.S.

Treasury's Japanese real estate investment trusts and stocks, including B.YD and Hyundai, return more

than 10% annually, helping to cover part of the roughly 162,000 USD in needed repairs. The extra money

even allowed him to expand the renovations beyond the original plan. Having previously worked in

retail sales, Yoneta is an unusually financed savvy priest, but is also part of a growing wave of

temple owners turning to financial markets to make ends meet. Costs for the upkeep of the ornate

wooden buildings are soaring while the country's Buddhist population has dropped about 14% in the last

two decades. As elderly adherents die in younger generations in larger cities lose their ties to

religious practices. I'm just so thankful that the investments performed well, said the 46-year-old

who inherited the temple from his father in 2018 after leaving his job in finance and training as a monk.

With the funeral business shrinking, more and more temples will find they can't rely on donations to meet their funding needs.

They will have to build up reserves and invest those funds.

The shrinking number of followers is hitting temples finances about half bringing in less than $4 million per year, according to a 2021 survey of 7,000 temples.

The situation is particularly severe in rural areas where it is common for monks to oversee multiple temples while also working day jobs like school teachers or civil.

servants. So I don't know, maybe they need to be thinking about getting some exposure to

situational awareness. Like I like that they're mixing in, you know, predictable things like real

estate, treasuries, things like that, but maybe they need to be allocating, you know,

10% of their balance sheets to things that could maybe really start to do multiples.

Maybe use some leverage. Yeah. I like it. Did you hear that Jeff Bezos had to hit jury duty?

this is crazy.

I thought this was AI.

In what world is Bezos and Michael Saylor both in jury duty at the same time?

It's just too much of a simulation.

Is this Florida, presumably?

Yeah, it has to be Miami.

I mean, no better way to prove your residency than saying yes to jury duty and not trying to squirm out of it one way or another.

You know, you're like, I'm part of this community.

This is why I pay taxes here.

And I didn't do jury duty in Seattle or why.

Washington. Yeah. So Luke says, I recently served jury duty with Jeff Bezos and had a conversation with him afterwards on camera. And yes, that's Michael Saylor next to him in the jury hall. And he, if you scroll down, you can see this guy released like the most YouTuber thumbnail ever. You see this journey? And it looks like this just feels so like Mr. Beast, like I got advice from Jeff Bezos and jury duty. But it seems like it's maybe

just luck of the draw. He happened to be there. Jeff Bezos was also there. Michael Saylor

was also there, but it feels like living in simulation. Yeah, it's good to practice your

YouTuber face in case you ever end up in jury duty with, you know, one of the world's richest

people, and you can turn it into a viral hit. For sure. We got to talk about post-legacy media.

There's an interesting trend going on. We've identified this early. You know, of course,

We are neotrad media.

We wear the clothes of the traditional media, but we didn't go through that pipeline to get here.

We came through the tech community, through the business community, and then did media.

Post-legacy media are folks who have gone through the legacy media and are now doing something else,

and there's a new development in the post-legacy media world, the ecosystem and the business strategy.

Sort of a neo-post-legacy media.

Yes, exactly.

That's exactly what I was thinking.

And so there's a couple examples.

One, Casey Newton and Kevin Ruse have licensed their show to NPR.

So these are the hosts of Hard Fork, which was a New York Times property.

They left and they, I believe they had to leave a Hard Fork brand behind.

But of course, they took themselves, who they have a big audience.

Their audience will follow them.

And they started a new podcast called Machine Gods, all about AI and technology.

A lot of the same themes that they were talking about on Hard Fork.

coming over to machine gods.

But then immediately out of the gate,

I don't even know if they posted a first episode yet,

they licensed their show to NPR.

Deirdre Bosa left CNBC, started a show,

and licensed hers to Yahoo Finance.

Joanna Stern is chiming in,

she licensed her show to NBC News.

And so you see all of these people come from

the traditional media world, the legacy media.

They are post-legacy media.

creators because they are no longer with the legacy media, but now they are neo post, Neo post legacy

media because they have gone back and they are doing licensing deals. But there's this world where it's

like, wait a minute, like Casey, Kevin, what are you doing? Like you were with the New York Times.

Now you're with NPR. Like that's like at best a lateral move. You know, why? Why do you even leave?

Like this doesn't make any sense. But from a financial and economic picture, it's radically

different because at the New York Times, you are paid as a journalist, and they're like, do the podcast,

journal. That's how I imagine it works over there. No, they're probably like, yeah, you want to do a podcast?

We'd love to support that. We'll pay for that. You have a salary. You can probably get predictable raises

that are ultimately somewhat capped, whereas this, you can say, I'm going to license my show to you

for two years. At the end of that, you can get a rofer, but you're going to have to meet the best

price in the market. And if the podcast blows up on YouTube, and

And there's a whole bunch of sponsors that want to come in and give and buy YouTube ads.

That money is probably going directly just to their team and their core group.

It's probably not going through NPR.

NPR probably has, they're licensing the content and they might be running ads on top of the NPR distributed side.

So it's looking a lot more like Joe Rogan on Spotify or like maybe there's some sort of,

there's some sort of exclusive distribution or some other way to, for,

these actual legacy media companies, New York Times, Yahoo Finance, NBC News, NPR, etc.,

they get more content which they can monetize or do whatever they want with.

They get to fill up their content with these really hardworking independent creators

who are now independent.

And the creators get to maintain and have the flexibility of the economic upside of maintaining their IPs.

She says, this is the future of journalism.

own your work, build independently, distribute and partner with others.

And I agree with her.

I think that this is a big trend.

We're going to be seeing a lot more NeoPost Legacy media deals in the future.

And I'm excited to talk to Joe Wisenthal about it because I think he'll have a take here.

My question is what happens to Hard Fork.

They already have new hosts.

Wow.

Yeah.

So there's already, I believe there's already been another episode of Hard Fork.

New hosts, same topic, same set.

So the hard fork IP has stayed with the New York Times.

They plan on continuing.

And the same thing happened with Ross Douthit.

Interesting times.

Interesting times.

I definitely saw a new version of interesting times with a new host.

So they brought in a new host.

And I think that makes a lot of sense.

You can almost think like these podcast properties are like sections of the newspaper.

So it's like we have an opinion section.

We have the mansion section.

We have a business and finance section.

And so we have the hard fork section of the New York Times podcasting empire,

and we will always bring you technology stories that are hosted by a particular type of talent that fits there,

just like we might have, you know, someone who comes in and writes op-eds,

and they go in the opinion section, someone who writes about real estate,

and they go in the real estate section.

Same thing where it's the person who's doing the Ross Douthat type of work will wind up hosting for some limited amount of time, interesting times.

So interesting times indeed in the Neo Post legacy media world.

Speaking of media, we got to talk about Benioff at Dreamforce.

Yes.

And specifically how he knows exactly what he's doing.

Look at pulling up this picture.

I mean, John has always been hyper aware of his incredible height.

So much so, he's such a nice person.

He will turn down like,

a walking interview with somebody because he knows that he will make the other person feel

incredibly small and not everyone wants to feel like a little child. I did learn it the hard way

once. I did a walk and talk documentary style video actually on the gundo and the comments were

just hypemog, hypemog, crazy hype mog. And I was like, ah, that wasn't the intention. That was

accidental. We were just trying to moving around quickly. Normally I would do a seated interview.

I'm so sorry. I forgot that I'm 6.8.

Yeah, basically.

But after that, I was like, okay, I need to be intentional.

And I think anyone who has experience in media and understands framing and also production teams.

Production teams are incredibly thoughtful about the framing, the seats.

There's even stories about certain tech CEOs getting like booster seats sometimes when they do interviews and adjusting the chairs and being like, okay, we're going to give this person a higher chair and this person a lower chair so that an even footing.

and the lighting and the camera angles.

All of these things matter.

I used to have this joke that's like,

if you ever walk into an interview

and the camera's at a Dutch angle,

like walk out because it's a hit piece

because it's going to look very unsettling

if all of a sudden the camera is like,

at a weird angle,

because that's going to unsettle the audience

and the Dutch angle is used by filmmakers

to tell that side of the story.

And there's a whole bunch of other ones.

The story I'm thinking of is there's this documentary

on Steve Bannon,

and the camera angle

are the craziest thing you've ever seen.

They have them up in the sky looking down.

And there's all these obvious things

that you learn in cinematography.

If the camera's looking down on someone,

it makes them look small.

It makes them look weak.

If it's looking up on them,

it looks heroic.

And so lots of crazy.

I genuinely can't believe that,

I mean, Benioff is an absolute dog.

I mean, look at this.

No, just just doing this to all the titans of the industry

who have been making your...

your life worse in some ways. They're partners, but they've also been making your life worse by

but but doing this. Not directly. Not directly, but just like he's sick of you of the

Nvidia intropic Open AI alliance has been deeply intertwined with Sasspocalypse, which has been a

headache for him for a while. And this is, this was his moment. I'm sticking around. Like, you're not

getting rid of me. We're going to partner and we're going to get through this together. And that's

certainly the vibe that came away.

Although Jensen played it very well.

He was having fun with it.

He was leaning into it.

And he didn't let it like get to him at all.

And he actually made it like a very endearing moment.

So sort of masterclass in putting on a show as a CEO in a somewhat silly scenario.

But what a funny, what a funny situation.

It helps that he's what, 6-5-290?

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Beast.

Unit.

Absolutely unit.

So it is officially bulking season for Silicon Valley.

I think we will see a lot of founders taking the trip, taking the trip to China, getting the leg extension surgery.

You don't want to be in the situation.

I think we can see all the lab leaders easily over 6-4 in the next year.

Yeah.

Easily.

Everyone.

It's just going to be a thing.

It's going to be height inflation, basically.

And then you add to that the shoe inserts.

Like those are probably...

Fraud a little bit.

Everyone's going to be frotting.

And there's going to be a lot of vantage points going on as well.

people stepping from one place to another.

Yeah, I didn't see Jensen use any vantage points.

He should have been using vantage points for sure,

which of course is where you step on, you know,

we have a, you know, if there's a little racetrack

that covers up some cabling on the floor of the conference floor,

you see the conference floor and you see,

oh, someone put down their backpack.

Why don't you just step up on that backpack for a second?

Pause there, you look a little bit taller.

There's all sorts of different ways to fraud.

if you're trying to.

But, yeah, also, I mean, the camera angles matter.

Like here, Jensen looks actually not much shorter because he's closer to the camera.

And so if you want to be the way they set this up made it makes it feel like it's like the

United Nations of the Enterprise.

Yeah.

And it is odd because there's very few conferences where the CEOs just walk amongst the crowd

like this.

This is a very interesting directorial decision from the, from the production team.

And it has a very different aesthetic.

It has a very familiar.

aesthetic. It feels like, okay, yeah, these guys, yeah, they burn the companies, they're the big

shots, but they're just here hanging out among us, and that's cool in its own way. It has a different,

different vibe. Certainly better than the Mark Zuckerberg walking through the crowd while every

single person has a VR headset on. You remember that photo? That was a crazy one. But anyway,

Jira Tickets had a great meme on this. It's POV, you're the CEO of a trillion dollar company,

and just arrived at Dreamforce, and it's the pick from the Odyssey of Adiour.

Magamemnon looking up. Wow. What a crazy, what a crazy moment. Yeah, very, very fun. Anyway, we can go

into more of what's going on in the news later in the show. Stay with us. But first, let me tell

you about public.com. Investing for those who take it seriously. They got stocks, options, bonds,

crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service. And we're very excited to be joined

invite Bain Capital Ventures partner, R.F. Hailae, and take us deeper into the Bain Capital

Strategy. What's going on in the Bain Capital World? And welcome to the show. How are you doing?

I'm good. Thanks. How are you guys? It's great to be with you. Thank you so much. We're very excited

for today. What a fantastic portfolio founders, everyone that we have had on the show before and

love Chase, Jesse, Max. These are some of our favorite folks who are excited to talk to them.

But let's start with the thesis for this latest fund.

We've been in this gamesmanship of who's going to call for AGI at one timeline.

At one point, it was very high stakes because there was that contract between OpenAI and Microsoft.

That, of course, has dissolved.

But you're calling it a post-AGI investment strategy.

Why is that term important to you?

What do you think actually changes in the post-AGI world?

Well, we're hitting, we're close to AGI now.

Yeah.

If you just look at math as an example, it's basically been solved.

I don't know if you followed, you guys follow the whole Navia Stokes thing.

Of course, of course.

Yeah, I mean, incredible, no?

Yeah.

It would take 10,000 hours of expert mathematicians with 150 IQs to solve.

Yeah.

Instead, Open AI did it in a week with 10,000 agents.

So we're getting close.

The evidence is there.

The difference is the difference between pre-AGI and post-AGI is basically we go from

intelligence poor to being

intelligence abundant, intelligence

everywhere. And that opens

up whole new vistas. So to this

point, we've been, we've seen agents

do amazing things. I mean, writing code or

cognition or solving customer

support tickets at Decagon, what have you.

Post-AGI,

they're going to be new capabilities that

humans just can't even,

you know, we probably haven't even imagined

some of them. We're going to have some

nice stuff like robots doing the washing up,

which is great, from my perspective. We're going to have

new drugs that AI will find to cure cancer or other diseases,

we'll have simulation platforms so that people can make better decisions

and be better with each,

interacting with each other,

but all these interesting new areas.

And there are companies emerging in these areas,

you know, Sunday robotics and Chai Discovery and Simile companies that I work with,

but we're just on the cusp.

So the idea of this fund is to say,

what if intelligence,

instead of being super expensive and difficult,

Instead, it becomes so cheap you don't even meter it.

Yeah.

What avenues are open?

So there's a...

Those are the types of businesses.

One thing that's interesting to think about is a lot of people, like Navier Stokes has been

very exciting within the tech community.

It's been controversial in the math community.

But for normal people, they barely even cracked like the front page of like different newspapers.

Yeah.

To be honest, it did not get a very big sort of like mainstream.

excitement. But the thing that's actually interesting to think about is there are so many discoveries

that companies could be using that same model for that you would make and you would not immediately

go out and tell the whole world and open source the findings and all that stuff. You would just

focus on commercializing it. And so that's the thing that I'm excited about right now is like

that same level of intelligence that we've now achieved. There's thousands, you know,

potentially hundreds of thousands of people all over the world that are.

realizing this new capability and thinking, I'm going to apply this to my field, try to make

advancements, but then that discovery, humanity may not get the benefit or, like, different

markets may not get the benefit of that discovery for years because it takes a while to actually

commercialize different discoveries. I'm thinking stuff in, you know, material science, right?

Right, yeah, yeah, totally. Could have a breakthrough. Have discovery, but it's still going to take

six months to actually manufacture, distribute, apply, or years. Or years, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it'll take

some time, but these things will come out. I mean, the commercial

incentives are so strong that over the course of the next few years, we're going to just see

all sorts of incredible things. There are a certain group of post-AGI investors that collapse

things down to it has to be below the fold. It has to be below the frontier model lab,

because everything above will get eaten. And I don't think that's your thesis. And I want to dig into

why, but there are some investors who are saying, I only want to own land and copper and power

and data centers and chip fabs. But even chip designing, I think the labs are going to be able

to figure that out. Why are you comfortable both playing above the frontier labs and below

with a company like Ligora and then also a company like Crusoe, which I would put like below

the labs? Yeah. Well, I mean, below is very clear, right? I mean, we need power. We need

silicon and a GPU.

So there, of course.

Above, I think it's because

it's not enough to create

to kind of through

RSI, get to AGI.

Humans have to digest that.

And the diffusion issue is

real. It takes a long time to

change behavior. If you look at

what happened when the loom came out, as an

example, people still made

clothes the same. I mean, people made

clothes differently, but they still wore the same

close. It took a while for that to sift through the economy. And so I think that while we'll have

the capability for a while, getting people to adopt it in interesting ways will be really difficult,

and the companies that do that will be very valuable. And, you know, Lagora is an example,

but there are many examples like that. Yeah. So I intuitively feel the same way about the diffusion of

AI being much slower than people predicted, and it just takes time. I mean,

It's not lost on me that the same week that you get Millennium Prize math problems solved,

super sci-fi, hugging face, you know, Asian swarm attacks.

You're just starting to hear about people like, oh, I successfully used AI to get a dinner

reservation.

Or like somebody used chat cheap you need to book a haircut.

And it's like that felt like that should have happened 20 years before the sci-fi stuff

and the advanced math.

And yet there is this massive gap.

Are there certain economic statistics or maybe even research data that you go to to sort of understand the rate of diffusion?

Or is it something that you just see and you know from talking to the founders and watching the businesses that you work with,

that you know that this opportunity is going to persist and be huge and will continue?

Yeah, I mean, I think early stage investing there aren't statistics you can look at because by the time that it's in the stats, it's too late, right?

So you tend to feel it talking to customers and talking to end users and, you know, kind of feel the difference that these products can make in their lives.

And so that's, it's been more of that.

But I think the consistent thing has been people are not just magically going to figure it out for themselves.

They need help from companies to kind of make most use of AI.

And that's kind of how it's been with every technology that humanity's encountered.

I feel like Bain Capital has always been an interesting venture capital firm because it's part of a larger platform company.

Yeah.

Is there benefits?

Are there costs to that?

Is there a particular view of the world that you get from being part of a larger organization?

Or are you cordoned off in a way where you can go and live in the future and, you know, just see the rest of the team at the holiday party?

Yeah.

I mean, look, our firm has changed a lot.

And we're taking the opportunity of raising this fund to really invite people to update their priors on Bain Capital.

Okay.

Because when I say Bain Capital, most people think Mitt Romney and a bunch of guys in suits.

Yeah.

And, you know, we love Mitt.

Hey, we love suits.

And you love suits.

But this is not your uncle's private equity firm.

Yeah, of course.

Of course.

You know, and what we've done is we've carried forward from our founders, the core principles,

which are make money, have fun, live with integrity.

And that's worked really well.

We started with a $37 million fund back in the 80s,

and today we've got $225 billion under management.

And BCV BN Capital Ventures is the purest embodiment

of our founding principles,

which is really to work with founders

to help them build great businesses around themselves.

And that part has endured

and is the focus of this new fund,

this $1.6 billion fund for early state.

venture. Do you think that there's any value to the 360 view of the world that you get from the

other teams at Bain coming to founders? I find that founders are often so tapped into the

technology, so tapped into what's going on in Silicon Valley and the VC gossip, but they actually

might not know what might not know what's going on with credit spreads in Europe or what is going

on in late stage, you know, public markets. And there are teams at Bain that have those views

if they cross over. Maybe it's not immediately relevant, but it can just be an interesting

source of conversation and extra perspective. Yeah, no, that's absolutely right. There's the

extra perspective. Then there's the fact that we just own lots of real world businesses. And we can

get those real world businesses to work with early stage tech companies. And then these great

founders in Silicon Valley can get insight and data and understand workflows and understand a whole

bunch of things that otherwise would be really hard for them to do. So it's connecting that real

world with Silicon Valley has been the power of the platform. With the new fund, is there

anything that's changing about the deployment strategy, portfolio construction? We're obviously

seeing, you know, billion dollar seed rounds, like what it means to raise venture capital has

changed over the last few years. But

are you seeing any or are you predicting any changes or do you need to change the strategy?

Yeah, you know, yes and no, I'd say like the strategy, the strategy remains.

You find these incredible, unusual people and then you just try to kind of help them as much as

you can as early as you can in their journey. And that part has stayed constant throughout

venture, I think. But the rounds are bigger. And the, the ambition.

are greater, and in some ways, this is Venture's moment,

where we're taking bigger swings now than ever before.

So, you know, our perspective is we want to embrace that

and support these ambitious ideas

and be willing to invest earlier and take more risk

because the end markets are that much bigger.

So I think it's been a good thing, really, for venture capital overall.

Are there any last question?

Are there any types of deals that you guys have,

as a firm have said, like, this is just not in our strike zone.

I'm thinking the deal that's got the most attention this week is, like, instinct, you know,

competitive round, bunch of super fast follow-on capital to, you know, massive opportunity and a lot of exciting traction.

But that feels like the kind of thing that some firms will just say, like, that's not our game.

Whereas others are going to say, like, I'm fine to put in half a million dollars and or half a billion dollars.

run towards heat,

say,

be contrarian.

Yeah.

Yeah, I mean,

we don't run to heat.

We're not contrarian.

We just think about,

is this a really great business?

And if other people think so,

great, if they don't,

great.

So I think the things we don't do,

we're not going to kind of like

come in at the tippy top tronch

of some, you know,

five tranche thing

that everyone else has piled

into the first four tranches.

Sure, sure, sure.

That part doesn't,

you know, it doesn't make sense.

And it's kind of philosophically,

we want to be there early.

We want to partner closely with founders and work with them to build their businesses.

Well, the fund is fund 11.

It's got $1.6 billion in total capital.

We have a gong here.

I'd love to hit it.

To celebrate vacation.

And thank you so much.

Great to have you on the show.

We'll talk to you soon.

Great milestone.

Have a good one.

Thank you.

Goodbye.

Codex is a powerful workspace for getting work done with AI agents.

Whether you're writing code, analyzing data, creating content, or automating business workflows.

Codex helps you move projects forward.

See this newspaper here, John, John.

John? Yes, the Bain Capital Journal. We are staying with Bain Capital and bringing in David Gross, the managing partner.

But I love a paper, newspaper. We love the newspaper here, the Wall Street Journal, the Financial Times.

But this Bain Capital Journal is particularly lovely. Look at this. Fantastic. Welcome to the show. How are you doing?

Good. How are you guys doing? We're doing fantastic. Just another day for you?

Yeah.

Are you, are you, just another day, I've not read the Bain Capital Journal yet today.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

I'll catch you up to speed.

I mean, I would love to actually go a little bit back in time since the first time of the show.

Can we go all the way back to Japan?

I would love to know what drew you to Japan, how that set you up for the career that you've gone on to build, and then ultimately, you know, coming back to the states and getting the lay of the land of Bain as a whole today.

Sure, yeah. Well, first of all, it's great to be here.

Thanks. Going back to Japan, that's ancient history for me, but I went there first in 1989.

I was a college student, and this is when, you know, Japan was this big economic threat to the U.S.

And I was very curious to what was going on.

So I spent a little time there and got very interested in the culture.

And then I went back and worked for a Japanese company and for a bunch of years.

Came back to the U.S. and never thought I would go back because that's when Japan entered its kind of period of economic decline.

But as I got into private equity, you know, this started to become kind of interesting opportunity, which is how could you get involved in investing in Japanese companies to improve them, turn them around?

And it was tough in the early days.

But, you know, the opportunity was to take these companies and reposition them and get them, you know, running, running better and growing again.

Is that culture of there is potentially an economic rival, a geopolitical rival, a threat, I got to go see.

alive and well today because I feel like my generation was considering that with China.

I know a lot of folks that took a couple years of Mandarin.

I know some folks that went and lived there for a year or two, but it feels like the walls

kind of closed off and there's less opportunity for the next generation to do that.

Do you still see opportunity?

Do you hire young folks at Bain that have gone on that journey or is, are we just in a different

era?

No, I think it's still there.

You know, I mean, in the particular case in Japan, I would say it ebbs and

flows, but now there's more urgency, you know, and I think there's a feeling that there's

competition in China and Korea and actually back to the U.S. with all the new technologies really

being, you know, being started and accelerated here.

So I think we're seeing a new period of urgency in Japan.

And, you know, it used to be the fact that you couldn't hire the best Japanese talent.

They wanted to go to the big companies.

They actually wanted to go to the government.

But now they see Western firms and private equity firms, okay, these are these are

These are firms that are going to help reinvigorate Japan and, you know, make it, make it great again.

I don't want to create an accurate amount of that.

But we're seeing that.

And it's fascinating.

It's been there 20 years.

And that was not the case when I was there in the early days.

How did the products that you were working on, the strategies that you were working on evolve during that time period?

Obviously, there's private equity deals broadly, but there's so many other strategies within that.

I know special situations became a focus.

but can you take us through a little bit of the strategy evolution?

Yeah, it's kind of interesting.

When we got there, our assumptions, because we're a global firm, we'd be working on these big global businesses.

But it turned out those were tougher.

They had currency exposure.

They were competing against Chinese companies.

And so we started focusing on actually the most domestic and therefore the most inefficient yet insulated businesses.

Because you could control the macro variables and really get in there and run the business

better. And I'd say our initial success in the first maybe 1050 deals were very domestic

business, restaurants, food businesses, hotels, wind farms, a company that made mushrooms

that, you know, like we all, you know, and, you know, it then evolved to now we could, you know,

when we were more accepted, we could take on these bigger technology businesses, more, you know,

the crown jewels of Japan. And that's where, you know, Kyotcha, the semiconductor business came, you

know, evident, which is a, you know, a very high-tech business. And so it probably took 10, 15 years,

first of all, for the market opportunity to shift and maybe for us to be accepted to be able

to work with these big global, global company. What was the team structure like or split

on those types of deals? Was there a clean line between like deal team, operating team,

where you're bringing in other executives to run the businesses, actually do the work of

turnaround or transformation once you're working with a target firm?

Yeah, yeah, it's a good question.

I mean, in Japan, again, going back to 2004 or five, there really was not talent.

You couldn't go hire a search firm and say, oh, please go grab me one of these operating people.

So we did a lot to internally develop talent.

We hired young people.

We sent some of them to U.S. to get trained to circulate them back.

You couldn't find well-rounded deal professionals.

So we hired people who were great at sourcing.

And they were dedicated on sourcing.

We hired operational people, and they just did that.

And over the years, we got them to work together to develop that kind of well-rounded

person.

But it was a different model in Japan just based on the talent market.

Again, it's evolved a bit today, and now you see more professionals.

But that was probably the hardest part of why it took so long.

How has it been adapting your historical approach and skill set and traditional private equity to VC?

In P.E., you can have a business that's extremely challenged, has like, you know, some amazing

elements to it or bones, but like, you know, is not realizing its potential and you can wrangle

it and get it back on the right track, get it growing, cut costs, whatever, whatever it is.

In venture, I would say it's been, you know, the challenge in this industry is like you can

have that same situation, but there's such a culture of like letting the founder call the

shots and founders today have so much control.

And so you're kind of in the situation where you can like make some customer intros,

introduce some execs.

You can try to give advice.

But oftentimes you're like sort of hands off.

Has that been any sort of like, how has that been?

Because I imagine you on the venture side,

you've gotten to the point where it must be like extreme frustration at times where

you want to let the founder lead.

but at the same time, the things aren't working the way that they could be.

I get frustrated with buyouts as well.

So, but listen, I think, you know, we started as a private equity firm,

but actually our roots were in kind of growth capital.

Our first investment was, you know, staples when it had like five stores.

And so we started actually doing control deals,

but also minority deals, having to work closely with founders.

So I kind of feel like the culture of the firm,

and because we're a little more, you know, organic in nature,

entrepreneurial, even, you know, you might say decentralized, we, you know, we're comfortable

with different modes as operation as a firm, I would say.

But listen, at the end of the day, venture business, it is different.

You're making investment decisions with much more limited information, oftentimes almost

no historical information.

You're evaluating, you know, talent and the ability of that talent to make, you know,

changes and adapt as technology changes.

you're trying to think through what the future is going to look like,

and it's typically not a lot of information from what you might have seen before.

And so I think we recognize that it's different,

and that's why we have people who are great at that,

and they have their own investment kidney process,

and the way they do sourcing and make investment decisions is different.

And it's different.

We have a life sciences business, and by the way, it's very different there.

They're all MD PhDs who are making judgments on compounds and clinical probabilities

that, you know, you don't want me making those decisions.

However, the wrapper around all of it is this kind of value-added approach.

Whereas a firm and a platform, yes, we have relationships with big global customers

that we can introduce to those venture companies.

We know all the life sciences, the top 15 pharma companies.

And so we can bring together those as maybe buyers of biotech companies, but also partners

of those companies.

We have a lot of, you know, we present in the capital markets.

And so venture businesses are going to need.

capital or they're going to go public. And so we can bring that, you know, synergy to bear across all

these businesses. So the trick really is to have enough autonomy and trust in the team on the

field to operate in the way that that segment operates to be best in class there, but to bring

a platform benefit to it. And that's, you know, you get that right. It's a very powerful,

powerful model, but you've got to be comfortable, you know, letting go a little bit.

How many mistakes can someone early in their career on the venture side of the business make before it's not a fit?

In venture, you can make a lot of mistakes.

It's obviously very important to have a few successes, but that is a business where, you know, it is about a much higher loss rate, you know, from a numerical perspective of deals.

And what you're looking for there is really asymmetric upside from a few situations.

And again, you don't want to bring the batting average.

model to venture. It's not a

flugging percentage type of thing.

It is actually something around

you know, triples and home runs

and such. And

But I'm saying a mistake. A mistake could be

like losing a deal that

losing a deal that could have

could have, could have, should have been done.

Could have been a grand slam. But so

it's not just about, you know, your misses.

You could have nine

nine zero in a

anger, but it's about. We call those the

ones that got away. Listen, we study that.

in venture as much as we do in private equity.

Because what you're looking at there, what are our biases as humans that cause us

to potentially apply too high of a discount rate to certain factors and maybe excessively

fall in love with other things that may have worked for us in the past?

And so, you know, that's something that's, that's the continuous improvement process for the

investment business that we engage in a lot.

We do a lot of tear downs of our past investments and ones that other.

do. We have a massive set of competitive intelligence on all the deals that are done. And we shade them,

you know, green, yellow, red, which is, is that a deal we would have liked to have done? And how did it

do? And we go and we look at that and all our teams do that. And that's how you try to get better at

something that inevitably, you're going to make those mistakes. There's been a number of businesses

formed and funded over the last few years that are effectively just private equity firms that are

raising like venture capital and getting like venture style that you know the teams are getting

venture style economics where where fundamentally they're just set up to buy businesses like a traditional

firm or something uh how have you looked at those opportunities to me it seems like an amazing deal

for the for the teams because like if you can retain 70 percent of the economics instead of getting

like two and 20 why would you why would you not do that at the same time from from the investor side it's

like if I'm deploying into a traditional, basically, PE transformation strategy,

probably would prefer to get the majority of, you know, be paying two and 20, but not

not giving up the inverse.

Yeah.

You know, listen, I've generally found that, you know, the way you structure and kind of cut

up the economics, you know, that's not ultimately the driver of long-term returns.

the cycle and through different market scenarios.

And we've seen a lot of things that seem like they're great in terms of innovative

technology around that.

But ultimately, there's an alignment piece that is missing that ultimately comes back

to Roost.

And so, listen, our perspective is we want to be very closely aligned with our investor base.

And we want to have a similar time horizon.

We want them to understand how we generate value and maybe how long.

it's going to take to do that. And then once we get there, how much we want to continue to compound

versus how much we need to kind of return, we want them to be focused on ultimately performance,

not fees. And, you know, we're not public. And so we're not interested in, you know,

maximizing things that may not be in the interest of those particular investors. And so actually,

I think the alignment question is critically important there. And there are a lot of skis and schemes

in a way you can kind of whack it up. But generally that doesn't lead to a sustainable advantage,

from our perspective, but having alignment can be really critical.

There's been a story that's sort of crossed over from private equity world into the tech

community, the venture world, which is bending spoons.

And I'm interested in your perspective on roll-up strategies in tech and venture.

Jordy has asked several previous guests, like, will we see an American bending spoons?

I'm interested in, did you, have you gone down roll-up lane before?

Or what did, does that model potentially apply in Japan?

Or did you think about it while you were there?

Just some history and context on what's going on with that.

I think Bending Spoons is in the news because they're acquiring companies that people know.

But obviously, it's not a brand new strategy.

No, and I think they're pretty interesting.

And there's a little bit back to the future because, you know, in the 80s and 90s in the U.S.

There are a lot of fragmented industries.

And that was one of the key modes.

And we did a bunch of those which were buying a platform and then rolling things up.

And then they also, you know, that got a little bit overbought because, you know, you remember these models where you're slapping these together with the hope of getting multiple appreciation.

But you weren't really improving margins in the business.

And it didn't work.

So I don't think roll-ups are good or bad.

What I do think is interesting, bending spoons and some of the newer firms is actually the ways in which they're bringing technology.

and a kind of technology first approach to how they're sourcing and how they're driving value.

And I do believe that is the future and that is a model that we should be focused on because,

you know, our history is all about, you know, transforming companies.

We've had a very deep, you know, value creation orientation.

We have a whole big dedicated team of, you know, almost 400 people that get in there and drive change of companies.

and the ability to use to apply AI to each step of that process to really turbocharge what we're doing,

that will be the future.

And some of the aspects of Benning Spoons is doing, you know, is, I think pretty interesting there.

And so we're looking closely at kind of newer firms, pure play firms that are able to do that.

They're able to take, you know, kind of a technology first approach to what they're doing because that's, you know, that's a huge opportunity for up.

How much of your time or the firm's time is focused on sort of like understanding the broader economic picture?

A lot of in the venture world you can sort of tune out interest rates, but it is on the cover of the Wall Street Journal, first Fed rate hike in three years.

How much time is the broader team spending, thinking about macroeconomics?

How does that flow to the various teams?

and what actually, what skill sets, what people do you need internally to actually make sense of the world reliably on an ongoing basis?

Yeah.

So, you know, press has been a journey because we've always thought of ourselves as like the micro guys.

You know, we're going to focus on the things we can control at the company level or a manager team.

But we increasingly became aware that the global financial crisis was the first, I'd say, wake up call around this, that macro factors, secular thematics,

changes in the structure of the market can be big, big drivers of outcomes.

And then you kind of need a different skill and capability to be able to analyze that.

You know, we all kind of thought ourselves as a we can understand that.

But, you know, the data itself, you need some expertise to really be able to understand

the signals from the noise.

There's a lot of intelligence that can be gathered from, for me, just our portfolio.

We have, you know, 600 businesses across the economy.

We're in credit.

We're in venture.

We're in life sciences.

We're in private equity.

And so if we can get real-time information faster than our competitors, faster than the market and drive interventions, that can be a huge advantage, particularly in this world of heightened volatility.

You know, if you can see inflationary trends building up in your labor base or in your material base faster than your competition, that can be a huge competitive weapon.

So we set up a whole separate macroeconomic team, dedicated people, you know, Ph.D., a PhD.

backgrounds, those who also have a lot of connectivity to other sources of expertise, whether it's on the

energy and oil markets or whether it's on housing. And they come up with their own independent view.

We don't have each of our deal teams go and come up with their scenarios for the U.S. economy.

They come up with that. And then the deal teams are focused on taking that and applying it down

to the sector and the company and seeing, okay, what will be the implications for that?

But centralizing this, getting much more expertise, getting better data, that's been the focus to try to try to stay ahead with the volatility of the world today.

Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.

Do you anything else?

Not for now.

Well, we're going to hop on with Max from Lagora.

Thank you so much for hopping on the show.

Congratulations on all the progress, obviously.

We'll talk to you soon.

Have a good one.

Cheers.

Go-bye.

What's feeling faster than the AI market, your business on MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform.

That powers it.

and we have Max Junstrand from Lagora coming back to the show.

How are you doing?

Boom.

Good to see you.

Hey, John. Hey, Jory.

We're great.

We're great.

Great to see you.

Yes, it seems like you're great.

Partnered with Salesforce, but you didn't have to stand up and shake Mark Benioff's hand.

He must really like you.

Yeah, he must really like you.

I'm not one to get, you know, frame hog.

Most people go to Dreamforce to buy Salesforce.

We went the other way around.

We went here to sail the Salesforce.

Okay.

That's good.

Yeah, what is the structure of the deal?

What are you going to be helping with them with?

What did it take to get them across the finish line?

The legal and the compliance team are embedding AI into every way they work, right?

They're big cloud customers, but cloud only gets you so far.

We're helping them go all the way.

And what's interesting with a lot of the SF-based enterprises is most of them have tried many legal AI tools before,

and they haven't received the success that they wanted, and now they're moving over to Laguara.

It feels like the models are, you know, you're constantly in the back and forth between the frontiers the best, then open source catches up.

The frontier is the best and then the companies that are building on top of models and building harnesses and building fine-tune models and specific workflows.

That's going to give you a big lift.

And then somebody's like, oh, the next model will just one shot it.

Have you lived through enough of these cycles now that I imagine you have a philosophy here.

What's your philosophy?

When I started the company back in 2023, it was very easy.

It was one model, GPD 3.5.

And we built every single functionality in Lagora as a boat.

And when the tide rises, everything improves.

And that continues to be the case.

And what's interesting now compared to three years ago is that different models are good at different things.

So if you break down legal work, there's so many skills you have to be good at.

It's drafting, it's reviewing, it's fact checking, it's legal research.

And so under the hood, what we end up doing is we use all the models.

The new meta models, the new grok models, they're awesome.

But we also continue using the frontier from Anthropic and Open AI.

And so what's interesting to us is where do you apply which model?

And that's the IP that we have gotten really good at.

And the reality is when you operate a vertical AI company, you need to make sure that you are getting the benefit from all of the R&D dollars that are getting spent in the

entire marketplace, right?

Yeah.

And if you were to take a very opinionated view and say, let's fine tune a model to get,

you know, one percent increase boost today, that entire asset is going to depreciate over

time.

And you're basically making your customers pay for a model that won't stand the test of time.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's fascinating.

How do you, oh, with the, the rising tide lifts the boats, you get the new capabilities.

At the same time, there's probably old workflows that you built on top of GPT

3.5 that can now be run very, very cheaply.

What is your strategy for cost optimization?

Is it just like you go to open router and you pick a cheap thing?

Are you racking servers?

We build our own router.

I think that's a super important part of the stack.

And over the last weekend, we actually drove a 30 percentage point decrease in our overall

LLM spend across the entire platform, which then becomes, you know, it was a weekend project,

for the engineers in Stockholm.

We run on Celsius and snooze.

I met the Celsius founder and I was like, hey man, our engineering team runs on this

shit and he just sent us a fridge.

Like I love the guy.

That's amazing.

You know, the team is in total bloomsmuck and that means, you know, I did an article

in Swedish and for some reason they translated it to English.

And so the headline became, the Lagora team wakes up with a metallic taste of blood

in their mouth.

And that is the status of the company right now.

You see my decoration here.

We are in this total, you know, land grab.

Everything is happening all at once.

You're seeing innovation across the entire stack.

We have acquired five companies this year.

And it's been fun to...

Founder mode.

Real founder mode.

It's been fun to go deeper in the stack.

Because in litigation, in transactional work, in legal

research. It's sort of easy to do something on the shallow. And frankly, that was what we were doing

back in 2023. But now we can go so much deeper. And I think that's also the places where

the models don't matter so much. We're actually building much more normal software than we

are building LLMs, frankly. They're just the electricity that powers the house. So I want to talk about

diffusion specifically. I have a portfolio company that's in the middle of a transaction. And I

know how good Ligora's gotten. I feel like a lot of this work that's been done could have been

done in like probably a week if like people are really focused. But sometimes companies for whatever

reasons like they want to drag something out like it could be beneficial to one to one side for one

reason or another. So like what are the actual factors that play right now? I really want to

understand like have lawyers like internally like software engineers they might have historically

plan for a five-week sprint on a certain product or feature, and now they're saying,

like, let's ship it in a weekend or let's ship it in a week. Are lawyers specifically in-house,

like, are they thinking that way now? And when are they not thinking that way just for kind of

structural reasons? In-house is absolutely thinking that way. And so are law firms, right?

Like, AI is an existential opportunity and a threat to the current operating model. I was with a

from here in New York last week and one of the partners explained how the work that he typically

does, he does in one 30th of the time with no dependencies on associates. That's his practice, right?

And so he has to figure out how do I now charge for this? Because working with a billable hour

in his practice doesn't make sense. And at the same time, the biggest opportunity is perhaps

in-house where organizations like Salesforce, Palo Alto Network, etc., are bringing in this

tools in-house to do more legal work.

And what's interesting about legal work is that the demand is effectively infinite.

If you could have legal intelligence review every contract, handle every claim, you know,

fight every litigation, file every patent, like you would.

And from an investment perspective, why not do a legal due diligence before you take an asset

to IC?

The reason you don't do it today is because it's expensive.

How are you thinking about this?

How are you thinking about this arms race?

race because you have on one hand it's like cheaper than ever to litigate something, but it's

potentially cheaper to defend. Yeah. Yeah. And and so on and and and and and it's

paradox, it could be a lot more loss. Well, at the same time it's if it's cheaper to defend,

maybe a company's less likely to settle early so there's less reward like there's a bunch of

these different. It's really interesting, right? Yeah. Every like every judiciary is overflown by

employee claims and you know, people are using judge deputy to, you know, you know, figure this out

themselves and the companies are needing better tools to defend themselves at scale.

We work with some of the largest insurance companies in the world on settling litigation claims,

right?

And it's so interesting, like airlines.

We work with Air Canada.

They are spending so much money in litigation claims with customers, et cetera.

And I think, you know, if it's the same thing.

If we develop bio weapons with AI, like good news, we can also develop cures, right?

Like, it's sort of everything will just move faster.

And I think operating in that world, what's so interesting about being like this full AI native characteristic of a company is you can do that across every single part of the business.

And your operating model just has to be what a traditional software company did in a year, we have to do in a quarter.

Like four times this year, we have leveled up our end year post for our revenue targets.

And now we are quintupling this year.

Like we are setting targets that by traditional software standards would have been deemed, you know, gravity-defying and insane.

Yeah.

Talk a little bit more about the M&A strategy.

I feel like from your seat, I could imagine everything from like acquiring a small law firm in a niche area.

No, no, no, no, no.

We are not a law firm.

You're not going to be a law firm.

We're not a law firm.

So are you acquiring other application layer companies or teams that are deeply in like the AI research or are you going to acquire a neocloud?

How narrow is your lens when you're looking for acquisitions?

Yeah.

Well, first off, we have a big part of our EPD team in Stockholm and in Europe.

And what's so amazing about that is I think we're the number one employer in our jurisdiction, right?

Like we get our sort of top of the top of the mountain.

Like we get the cream off the top.

All the best engineers want to come work here.

And legal tech is really hard to break into from a trust and commercial perspective.

Yep, that makes sense.

But there are a lot of very technically talented teams who are working in the space.

Yeah.

And so at Lagora, we have what we call our fruit salad product strategy.

When alternatives are offering apples to apples, we are offering the apple, bananas,

oranges and fucking

kiwi fruit

and we want to have

all of the functionality

in one single space

and what's so awesome about that

for the lawyer is that

they don't want to navigate

10 different apps.

They want to have Word,

outlook,

document management system

and Laguara.

And when all of the

functionality gets sucked

into one single place,

the barrier to entry

gets lower.

We're seeing this

in a lot of the customers

who are moving over

to Lagua from other

legal AI platforms

that they

might have adoption, but they have very shallow adoption.

They haven't gotten sort of second and third levels deeper where they're going,

let's not just use this as an expensive chatbot.

Let's really think about how it's going to transform either our practice or the way

that we operate in-house.

Well, congratulations.

Last question.

Just very curious.

Right now, if somebody is like people are using just regular consumer chat.

ad apps as for legal counsel, I don't believe that that gives them sort of attorney client privilege.

Do you think that will be solved?

Like, will someone be able to make a, you know, consumer, you know, application that allows

them to have that experience?

That's a very interesting question.

That's a very interesting question.

The good thing is there are attorneys and lawyers and judges much smarter than me who are

going to determine whether or not that's the case.

There's going to be litigation around that, of course.

And we just get to play around in that space.

And I see Chase is about to come on here after me.

To give you one Bain story, and he can fulfill the second half of it, I met Chase at a dinner in Paris with Chathen, our partner from Benchmark.

Very late in the evening, Enrique from Bain, calls and he's like, hey, I'm going to crash your dinner.

and we get into this stratospheric wine competition between Bain Capital and Benchmark.

And I'll let's chase finish the rest of the story.

That's the best glasses land ever.

That's hilarious.

Stratospheric wine off.

Wine off.

Going to glass.

Go in a bottle for bottle.

That line was from one of our French attorney customers who said that that was the best dinner he ever attended.

That's fantastic.

Well, thank you.

We love you, Max.

It's always always fun.

Always a great time.

Come back soon.

We'll talk to you later.

Thank you, Dawn.

Have a good one.

And we won't want to keep Chase waiting.


---


So let's bring in Chase Lachniller from Crusoe as soon as possible.

We've got to get the other side of the story.

This dinner in Paris, we just heard about it from Max.

The Legore was the wine as good as they say?

It was, uh, the wine was flowing that night.

Okay, that's great.

A significant amount of wine.

And, uh, I didn't see the prices, but I, uh,

I think they were not cheap.

Gratosphere.

What about the electricity?

Is the electricity flowing?

Is the, is the, yeah, yeah, are the chips flowing?

How is progress in building out the compute capacity that people need?

Yeah, the electrons are flowing and they're turning into tokens and helping accelerate

this new era of AI abundance.

Yeah, I mean, look, I think, you know, as demand for AI infrastructure,

structures grown and demand for power has grown.

You know, there's been a significant amount of investment in real world, you know,

power production capabilities and facilities that are becoming, you know, real significant

bottlenecks towards, towards this buildout.

And so, you know, each incremental gigawatt is getting increasingly more challenging.

Now, you know, the positive side is, you know, that I think a lot of the investments and

the foresight that we had at Crusoe are, you know, paying dividends today. And if we look at,

you know, all of the progress that's been made in, you know, the campus in Abilene, Texas, like,

you know, our philosophy in sort of designing and building that campus was, you know, how do we

build a gigawatt scale computer? How do we build a single facility that can act as one giant,

coherent cluster that can train the next breakthrough foundational model that will lead to a step

function improvement in the model capabilities.

That was like the, that was the North Star when we developed the campus and designed it.

Today we're seeing the fruits of those labor.

Yeah, and you had to go through what it was, there was like a six-month period where it felt

like there was a different article every single day about Star.

If somebody sneezed at, in Appalene, there was somebody that was going to write an article about

how sneeze causes one second delay.

One second delay.

But it feels like you guys.

guys have gotten through that and I haven't I haven't seen a front page article about some

minute detail of the process in a while.

No, but you know, what I was going to say is, you know, the benefits of that is, you know,

the first two buildings, which were the initial contract that, you know, we did with Oracle and

Open AI have led to the training of Astra.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I don't know if you've had a chance to play around with, but, you know, it's a really phenomenal

model.

Yeah.

No, it's a super impressive.

our partners.

Yeah, yeah.

And Jensen had some nice words about it too.

Yeah, and the next phases are coming online with, you know,

buildings three to eight, which, you know,

it's going to basically quadruple the compute capacity, you know,

three to six already online and seven and eight will be coming online before your end.

And, you know, having that full eight building compute capacity to train, you know,

the next version, you know, the next incremental improvement of the model.

I think we'll see that function improvement in capabilities.

You started the company in,

2018, going on almost a decade in business. Can you give me a sense of the progress from

like the smallest project, the first project, how small was it in terms of megawatts and where we

are now in terms of scale? Because I feel like that that has been the biggest transition is that

you started with pretty small projects and now you're working on the biggest projects in the world.

Sure. So, you know, the philosophy of the business, you know, from day one was taking this energy first approach to computing.

You know, we named the company Crusoe after the character Robinson Crusoe, who was stranded on the desert island and had to be innovative with his resources, you know, in a stranded environment.

And, you know, we try to channel that same sense of innovation applied towards stranded energy and unlock, unlocking value in stranded energy with computing.

And so that led us to, you know, unique energy resources to power compute in early days.

And we were actually working on, you know, generating our own power with flared, otherwise flared natural gas.

We were capturing this waste methane, utilizing it to produce power, and then powering these mobile and modular data centers.

Our first use case was Bitcoin mining.

But, you know, we sort of, even at that founding of the company, we had this ambition to build an AI cloud platform,

which today is, you know, where where Crusoe's at is this vertically integrated energy-first AI

platform.

So the early days, it was roughly 250 kilowatts was the first block that we did, which was actually

pretty big.

First AI data center, we're actually putting up in like a Crusoe Spark Museum that we're building.

And it was like, you can kind of think of it as like a single individual rack.

I think it could power up to up to 20.

25 kilowatts.

So it was like higher density, you know, for that era.

And, you know, we've since sort of evolved our platform quite a bit to, you know, gigawatt scale campuses at one end of the spectrum.

And, you know, we made, you know, we've made an announcement, you know, quite a few announcements around the Crusoe Spark product, which we believe is sort of the critical aspect to really scaling inference compute infrastructure as demand for token scales.

you don't need a gigawatt scale computer.

You need lots of smaller clusters of compute to rapidly serve inference infrastructure

and really dramatically reduce that time to token.

And Spark gives us a ton of flexibility in terms of how we deploy inference infrastructure,

where it goes.

And then also just from a time to token, it really provides us a lot of just-in-time

solutions for delivering AI infrastructure for the innovators in the world.

It seems like solar deployments keep beating expectations.

We've seen this chart of the predictions of where solar will go,

and then the graph keeps going up to the right.

Is where are you seeing exciting movement in new energy coming online

that might be suitable for that type of product?

The Crusoe Spark, you know, smaller amounts of energy required,

but unlocking new opportunities in different locations.

Well, you know, solar is definitely like a very compelling use case.

You know, we with our partners, redwood materials built the largest micrograde in the United States.

That was solar plus batteries.

And the batteries were actually taken out of, mostly taken out of electric vehicles.

So sort of a second life use of these lithium ion batteries.

And, you know, that AI, those AI factories are.

powered 99% plus just by the sun, which is a pretty cool case.

That's cool.

You know, there's a lot of new energy technologies.

We're focused on, you know, helping catalyze and accelerate.

You know, we had a big announcement with AOLO to bring into life the first SMR powered AI factory,

which we're planning to go live with by mid-20207.

But, you know, what's unique about Spark is, you know, given the small modular form factor,

there's so many different, you know, there's so many unique ways you can power it.

It can, you know, you can power it with like small gas generation, things like receipts and, you know, smaller gas turbines like aerositives.

You can also power it just in, in you, with, with grid power.

And, you know, there's a lot of, while getting a gigawatt of power from the grid in a single location is quite challenging right now.

There's a lot of places where smaller pockets of capacity are available, you know, think whatever, 10 to, you know, 100 megawatts.

that can be accessed way sooner because of, you know, transmission and distribution constraints

that are happening in the grid.

And like plugging into one node may actually help create quite a bit of balance in terms of,

you know, the load balancing that the utility operators are needing to do.

And so, you know, it can actually help benefit the grid quite a bit because you're actually

amortizing more megawatts over the same transmission and distribution infrastructure,

which should actually bring down the cost for.

for all local ratepayers.

And we think that's an exciting proposition

because you're shifting all of the work offsite

and you're able to plug into a lot of these unique energy,

available energy on the grid.

Yeah, that makes a lot sense.

Talk about the new round.

Yeah, you raise some more money.

We did.

So today we announced the closing of the series F at Crusoe.

Here came in.

Saw some heavy hitters.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, never gets old.

The, you know, the series after Round of funding was co-led by Atreides, Valor Equity Partners, and Mubatala.

And we had, you know, a number of, you know, a number of great supporting investors alongside it.

folks like TPG, QIA, Founders Fund, Radical Ventures.

You know, it was a, it was a great, great list.

GIC was another great partner.

So, you know, there were a number of great investors and, you know, we're really thrilled

to have the support from, you know, a number of leading, you know, long-only's growth

investors and venture investors.

Yeah, that's amazing.

Long-onlys.

It's the only type of investor I like.

Yeah.

Thank you so much.

Great to see you, Chase.

Have a good, nice.

We'll talk to you soon.

Talk soon.

Goodbye.

Shopify is the commerce platform

that grows with your business

lets you sell in seconds on

online, in store, on mobile,

on social, on marketplaces.

And now with AI agents.

Up next,

we have Justin from Decagon.

Come here.

It's back.

Welcome to the show.

Welcome back.

How are you doing?

It's been too long.

Good, good.

Yeah, it's good to see you guys again.

Where are you in the world?

You're expanding internationally.

Are you in America, Sao Paulo, Brazil?

I'm in South Paulo this week.

You are?

Okay, you're actually there.

Flight over here.

Okay.

We're out here launching our Latam office.

So we're starting an office here in South Paulo.

Got a couple customers down here already, like Mercado Libre.

So we really felt like things were moving pretty quickly.

So I've got a team out here now.

What is the key?

What seats do you want to fill in that office?

I mean, obviously you need the general staff, but is it about sales reps for deployed engineers?

Like, what problems does it help to have boots on the ground effectively in the local community?

Yeah, it's mostly go to market.

I think obviously there's language considerations, right?

So anytime you go to different markets, like it's both the product, right?

So we deploy these voice agents, so the voice has to be really good at, you know, Brazilian and Portuguese, but also our go-to-market teams have to

to be on the ground and being in people's offices and so on.

So it's mostly just the go-to-market teams.

Yeah.

What's happening with diffusion every time I have to be on a customer support line

and I don't have, and I'm not speaking to an effortless, you know,

agent that has all the capabilities that I would expect that I know are available,

I get a little bit angry at you and the other players in the space because like, why you move

faster?

It's like, I just know, I know the technology is here.

Why do I need to sit on another phone tree and, you know, like they, that doesn't even do a good.

Yeah, I just want to talk.

And I just feel like being able to effectively prompt to the outcome that you want is like so clearly here.

And still, it's like so many of these things you're like, what's your, what's your address?

What's your this?

You know, all this stuff.

It's like, enough.

We're trying.

I'm trying our best.

I mean, I can tell you like, what is the long pole in the tent?

It's roughly the analogy we like to give is like us delivering an agent is a little bit like building a self-driving car where the car is now smart, right?

Like the models are really good.

Like you guys have used the models.

The brains of the car are good.

So it knows how to drive.

But when you arrive in one of these big, let's say, airlines or banks or, you know, healthcare providers, it's the map of the surrounding area is not drawn out yet.

And so drawing the map is usually the hard part.

It's like someone has to make the jump between, you know, the car being good, but then actually like drawing the map and figuring out where.

to go. So a lot of the time that we spend in these deployments is really making sure the map can

be drawn out well and then improved upon over time. And our job, hopefully, is to shrink that time

over, you know, more and more deployments. And so that in the future, every single time you call,

there will be a good AI agent there that can talk to you. Please. Please. How do you think about,

how do you assess opportunities internationally? I would love just like lay the land of like the,

the core business, why you thought it was the right time to expand internationally. And then

I imagine that there's at least a spreadsheet or some prompt that you ran through, some

analysis that you did to land on Brazil. But what is your actual process for evaluating a

new market to expand into? Yeah, I mean, international expansion is not like a novel thing,

right? So tons of countries have gone through it. So we've been able to learn from, you know,

what other people do. And usually most of the traction comes from, you know, a small handful of countries.

Okay.

When we first started the company, we're mostly serving, like, the upper mid-market-y, like, tech-native

companies.

And so that's where we started.

And then our first order of business was, hey, we actually do think that we can, you know,

our approach to launching a product will work in the big enterprise.

And so that was a lot of the big focus in the first year and a half.

And so, you know, now we've announced a lot of big banks, you know, Deutsche Telecom, American Airlines,

Delta Airlines.

So a lot of these big customers.

And from there, we're thinking, okay, what's the next frontier?

Probably is international.

Europe was the first sort of pillar for us, where we launched a London office, and we have customers in Germany and the UK and so on.

And then from there, we were just thinking, okay, well, the two options for us honestly ended up being Australia and Brazil.

And it's kind of a mix of how quickly are people adopting tech, what's the size of the market, can we actually serve those customers?

And we decided yes.

And so now we have a small pod in Australia and now launching in Brazil.

And I think for now that that is like a pretty good spread for us.

But in the future we'll probably look for what is the next frontier.

Is there an element where customer poll is really important?

Like Mercado Libre has a bunch of employees in the United States.

You probably meet them at conferences.

The conversation can start before you even open the office.

It sounds like you already have a contract in place.

but you're just seeing pull from a certain big enterprise and anchor client,

and then that can justify going bigger.

Yeah, yeah, I think that is pretty correct, right?

It's like, okay, let's just get a feel for the poll first before we deploy a bunch of resources.

The same happened to Europe with DTE, where we kind of originally started working with them

when we were just had a team here in the U.S., but then over time we realized,

oh, wow, people are moving pretty quickly.

we need to be on the ground.

And so that's what prompted us building a team out there.

Yeah.

What are you tracking?

How closely do you track the progress of the models versus the cost and the Pareto curve of the models?

Are token costs falling fast enough?

Is it roughly perfectly on trend from what you've modeled?

Is it faster?

What can you tell us about cost optimization once you get a system that's superhuman or, you know,

at high quality.

I imagine that you're not just upgrading to the latest frontier model and just adding costs

because some of the models, when they come out, they're better, but they're more expensive.

Yeah, there's kind of two dimensions there.

So on the cost side, typically what you do is you first get your product working.

And then once it's working, you realize that most of the model calls you do don't need

the entire model because the model does a ton of stuff, right?

So you don't need it to compute math for you, for example.

And so then the intuition is like, okay, well, over time, I should be.

I like to throw a Millennium Prize problem at a customer service engine every once in a while just to see if there's a shot.

That would be tough.

But yes, I understand.

Yeah.

And so, yeah, so over time you want to shrink the models.

And then it's more of a question of like, okay, is that possible?

Can you take a smaller model and fine tune and post-training it to perform at the same level?

And so far, I would say in our use case, the answer has been yes.

Right.

There's a lot of these small tasks that are done inside the brain of the agent,

like you're choosing a topic or detecting for hallucinations or whatever.

And so you can use small models and specifically open source models to do those.

But when you're launching new products and kind of trying new capabilities,

of course, the frontier makes sense.

And so those two go hand in hand.

And then for us, latency also matters a lot.

So we talk a lot about how, you know, you have to not just optimize costs,

like optimize latency matters even more to us, probably.

And so, you know, when we've done these,

optimizations. We're mostly seeing if we can get the latency down because if you're talking

to a voice agent, it has to be super snappy. And those two go hand in hand as well.

And is that the model or the chip set or both? I imagine that we're not quite in the age

of co-location or like edge computing, but it feels like that's coming as well as a small

100 millisecond savings potentially. It's mostly the model. Most of the gains come from

just picking the right model smaller. Yeah. Eventually if the model's like so high,

optimized. You could start looking at some of the other things, but, you know,

make them all really small. Then you bake it onto silicon. Then you put that silicon right

in the city where the customer service is happening, something like that on the edge. And then

you're at two milliseconds or something maybe. I don't know. Yeah. Very exciting, though.

Thank you so much for hopping on the show. Great progress. Great progress. Good to see you.

intelligent cloud provider, use your favorite agents to deploy web app servers databases

more while Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

Up next, we're the founder and CEO of Beacon and the VP of AI research of Beacon,

nylon, and Leonard. Welcome to the show. How are you guys doing? What's going on?

Hey guys. Good to see you again. Welcome back. What's happening?

I would love for you to start with just a reintroduction on the strategy for the company,

for the firm and and sort of how it's been going since we last talked, I think, almost a year ago.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's right.

Yeah, so just a reminder, Beacon is a holding company.

We acquire great technology companies that have been around for decades that already serve real economy businesses, think campgrounds to labor unions, to youth sports leagues.

We take those businesses, pump them through our software factory, and then make them AI-nage.

The whole goal is to make the real economy as AI native as quickly as possible.

And the last time we talked, I spent time talking to you about our acquisition machine.

At that time, you know, we were acquiring a business every three weeks or so.

Today we're closing on a new business every 10 days.

And today, really, I'm excited to talk to you about our most important acquisition, I think, in Beacon's history, partnering with Leonard and the Hayes Labs team.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah. Leonard, give us a little bit of your business.

your background, what you built, and why you're excited to join.

Totally.

Totally.

I don't know about most important acquisition today, but it's certainly an exciting acquisition

for both sides, and hopefully we can bring a bunch of the Hayes technology and talents

to the rest of the Eakins' existing portfolio.

So a bit of background on myself, I'm Leonard, co-founder's CEO here at Hayes Labs.

Hayes was an AI safety company founded out of my research over the last five, six years,

where we're focused on red teaming, guardrails, observability, and evals, both for the

frontier labs, including Open AI and Anthropic, who are our,

first customers actually, but also for large enterprises.

Think big banks, Fortune 500s, insurance companies, health care companies, and so on.

But what we realized-

Safety is solved?

Is there jobs finished?

We can move on to bring in AI to U-Sports?

Well, safety is always an ongoing challenge.

I think as capabilities advance, you know, you always have to play catch-up in some way,

even though your normative declarations of what AI should and should not do

or can be set in stone,

the way in which you operationalize the definition of what it means to be safe

or not safe changes as the capabilities advance.

And insofar as joining Beacon goes,

I think bringing AI to the real economy is a unequivocally good thing

and responsible thing to do if you're an AI technologist,

but also from the perspective of the alignment conversation

and debate we've been having the last couple of days,

one thing we've thought a lot about at Hayes is whose values should AI models actually be aligned to ends.

You can take the perspective if you're anthropic or open AI that you have the best control

and that you have the best wisdom around what the values should be baked into the models.

But it is our sense as Hayes and Beacon that we should try and make contact with reality,

in particular those that have been historically undeserved by Silicon Valley technologists like businesses in the real economy

in order to align our values to those businesses and the values of their customers.

And that's part of what gets a super answer to join the Beacon team.

Very cool.

Yeah, just to give you guys, just to add to that a little bit on the safety conversation,

everyone knows the real economy is behind on AI adoption.

There's many reasons for that.

You know, the ramp data from about a quarter ago showed that SMBs are only 20% adopting AI

versus like 85% for the Fortune 500.

We started Beacon to address that gap.

But really, Leonard and team are going to play a key role in that.

The reason why adoption is so low in SMBs, some of it's a question of access, but really

as we spend time with our 22,000 customers, it's a question of trust, first and foremost.

The real economy will not adopt AI if they think it's going to run rampant and screw up a bunch

of their own relationships with their customers.

So Leonard and his team, part of why we wanted to bring them in and why Leonard's leading

this important function for us is so that we can ensure for our end customers that when they

deploy AI through one of our pieces of software, it's done in the safest way possible.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I like to say that Deacon has the trust in the customer relationships already.

I mean, these businesses, the real economy in the world depends on these businesses.

And I like to say that Hayes builds AI that anybody can depend on.

And so now get both parts of the equation, you've got A.

the business can depend on and the real world is depending on the businesses depending on this AI.

So I think it's a very natural, natural fit.

Ground this for me.

Where is AI been most useful in something like campground operations since I know you guys have acquired some campgrounds?

And it's so funny to, it's still so funny to me that as you guys get bigger, there's definitely going to be some articles of like this AI company is taking over youth sports leagues and campgrounds.

I'm very excited about it.

We were just on with Jesse and I was telling him I'm frustrated that I still will end up on a customer service call for some service.

And I'm on some legacy system that has no AI at all.

It doesn't have any ability to reason or help me get things done.

I can imagine a lot of use cases that like in the campgrounds context.

In the future, you don't have to go to the campground.

You just generate a picture of you.

Perfect simulation.

A hundred percent.

And you're just sitting there.

No, that's a great, great point. Look, we are believers in AI abundance. The thing that's

exciting, especially for the real economy, is we can help them solve problems that before they

were not able to solve. So on the campground side, if you put yourself in the shoes of one of the

18,000 private campground owners across North America, you're spending 40% of your days doing

payroll, HR, budget compliance tasks, using a spreadsheet to figure out which camper needs to

be assigned to which spot in the campground.

Today, we have built tools within the software they already use to match guests to campground

spots, to do dynamic pricing to make sure that they're pricing appropriately for season,

to load balance staffing for when campers are actually going to be there.

So that is, you know, as to use a term letter, just to use unequivocally good for the

campground owner.

But also, we think that's how AI abundance actually.

translates into the real economy. It's how do we unlock more growth for the real business?

You know, one thing that people always ask me, okay, you guys are just going to use the AI to

take costs out or reduce headcount. Across all of our businesses, we're actually up headcount.

So we found the opposite as we've delivered more AI, our customers. Yeah. Yeah, there's been a bunch

of reporting on this and the Economist and the Wall Street Journal about like the AI actually driving,

increased hiring as growth comes in, which is fast.

How are you guys, do you guys imagine, you know, doesn't feel like now is the right moment, but five years from now, like, you know, robotics being a big part of the strategy, you'll have all these existing businesses.

And as different form factors get better, you'll be pretty prime to bring in these new form factors.

Yeah, I'll start.

I think that's part of it.

Go for it.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

We actually have businesses today that serve various industrial and markets.

So think about software that helps large construction sites manage their tool inventory, software that helps oil rigs stay safe.

And increasingly we're seeing this marriage of AI native software with hardware like GPS devices, etc.

To be able to increase the surface area of what that piece of software can do for the end user.

You know, one of our customers, which I can't name, which is like a Fortune 500 construction firm,

they're saving millions of dollars today on tool supply because, you know, we actually help them manage

these industrial tools that are being used for the data center buildout across the economy.

In the old world, before we applied AI to help them match tool to job site appropriately with GPS,

they would, a construction manager, a project manager at site would over-allocate an over-allocate,

and over-buy tools, basically, to make sure that they're not going to be short.

So this was a huge problem for the company.

They worked with our team, our forward-deployed engineers, went down to Houston and helped them.

We built a new module for them, which basically AI matches tools to job site.

Then we put in GPS trackers to make sure the right tool got to the right site.

Leonard, sorry, you were going to say something, too.

Yeah, I mean, I think you guys are being super prescient about where all the technology is headed.

that certainly robotics is going to mature quite a bit in the next five years.

And I think robotics, or not, I think there's going to be a huge category of value can deliver

to our companies by essentially being able to dispatch AI employees or digital employees

or what do you want to call it at will.

And so it could be something as simple as an AI SDR helping you find leads from your existing

network.

It could be something that's simple as an AI support engineer, helping you deal with tickets

and bug bash.

But I think there will be this huge supply of intelligence at your disposal if you're an owner.

operator for you to go and lever up your existing strategy, team, ambitions that are company.

I also do think separate from just digital employees, Beacon is in a very unique position

to go after what I would describe as world models of companies or company world models,

i.e. in models that can help the existing owner operator as a true thought partner and strategic

decision baker, think about what's going to happen next in their business and anticipate the best

choice and action they should take to better run their business. So I think there's this pure

question of can you deploy more intelligence to lever up existing objectives? Then there's this

separate technical challenge of can you actually help business owner figure out what objective

to go after in the first place. Yeah. Well, thank you so much for coming on the show. Congratulations.

Great update. And we'll talk to you soon. Very cool, guys. Have a good one. Goodbye.

Raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange. We got Joe Wisenthall here live in the TBPN.

I can't believe I'm here.

I can't believe I'm here.

Why not?

I know, because you've been here so much.

Well, I've like been here spiritually, so many times.

And I, you know, in my dreams, I wonder what the studio is like.

And will I ever make it to the temple?

Will I ever see the gong?

Bring the gong.

Give us some excuse.

So what had to 10 years?

I was warned by one of your producers.

It hit the gong.

Yeah.

It is.

It is.

Yes.

Yes.

That's what we're hitting it for.

Smack it.

Oh, you got to go.

way harder.

You gotta really,

like it's a baseball back.

Like you're swinging for the fed.

There we go.

I'm done now, right?

I can leave.

The whole point was just to bring me

into, to hit the gone.

What else do I have yet to achieve now in my life?

What's summit's yet to climb.

Yeah, what actually brought you to LA?

We, oh, funny, you should ask.

We are doing a live show tonight

at the Vermont Theater in Hollywood

where we are going to attempt to do a survey of what is this thing called the L.A. economy.

So we're going to be talking to some of the industrial guys.

Chris Power from Hadrian is going to be on.

Tom Mueller, the first impulse space is going to be on.

We have some of our favorite internet characters, Taylor Lorenz.

Rachel Carton is going to be there.

So it should be a really fun night.

I have no idea what you expect.

I don't know anything about this town.

You're trying to survey the L.A. economy.

but you've picked out, like, some of the bright, like, the only bright points, to be honest?

No, no, it's like, it's like...

You're nagging your own city like that?

Oh, I mean, the city's a disaster.

I mean, it's...

They can't even hold on to a movie studio.

But then you get this, but then someone gets to take this over.

Yeah, the bright spot is like the individual creators are doing well.

There's cool stuff in industrials and space.

Yeah.

But the whole long L.A. movement, like, fizzled.

out right before you got

this sort of part of time. I'm super long L.A.

Really? Absolutely.

You know, I was just talking to...

You just say that in the greatest city of the world.

He just gets to the weather.

Yeah, it's the weather.

And the thing that I think...

What's there to be optimistic about?

Look, the thing that will never cease to mystify me, right?

So Americans over time, they migrated westward and said, and no offense to them.

I'm sure they're lovely people.

I'm like, wait, you guys stopped in Nebraska?

And you could have gone on your wagon for like another, you know, 72 hours.

It was right there.

And it's like, what?

And I like, in my, like, in my time to backfill American history, it's like, how did we all not just come to L.A. right away?

And I do not believe, regardless of what happens with Hollywood, that there will ever be a time where people just do not want to live at this climate by the beach.

And they'll find an industry for them.

Yeah, it is crazy that California, I mean, that there will be.

that California, I mean, we got three coastal cities, San Francisco,

in LA, San Diego, but it's always shocked me that if you drive,

completely ignoring the every other.

No, no, if you drive halfway between L.A. and San Francisco,

there is not a metropolis with an international airport there.

Like, you go below, like, Marin and, or, yeah, and, uh, laguna seco.

That's the only place I know.

Monoray.

Yeah, you go below Monterey, and then, and then you get into beautiful areas, but it's

mostly camping, and there was never, like, and it forced, you know, metropolis that built it.

No, it's kind of strange.

You know, a couple years ago, a good friend and I decided to, we had just, like, never been

driven the Pacific Coast Highway.

Yeah.

So we're like, let's drive from San Francisco down to, what's the place down there where they have

the town where they have Cochella, Palm Springs.

Yeah, yeah.

Anyway, we did, and it was beautiful.

Right, you hit Coachella or you just, no, no, no, it was just, I just went to India, yeah.

And it was a beautiful drive.

Yeah.

But at some point, I have to admit, it's very beautiful.

I have to admit, it's like, oh, there is another beautiful coat.

Yeah.

And so it's like, I'm getting a little bored of this.

Oh, there's another beautiful coat.

It also takes so much longer the drive at the bottom.

Then we hit the thought.

It was somewhere right around where the Hearst Mansion is.

We're like, why do we drive inward?

Because no one sees, like, yeah, yeah.

So then we, like, went through, like, Fresno.

Yep, a lot of farmland.

And, like, miles and miles of almond farms.

Yeah.

I loved it.

So now I'm actually, like,

Yes, there should be another...

Yeah, of course, yes, there should be another megalopolis somewhere like on the coast.

But also I think that like if someone visiting L.A., at one point you should do the inward drive and see where they make all the elements because it's amazing country out there.

That's how he used to get back from L.A. to San Francisco.

L.A. is in a bad spot.

L.A. is in a bad, bad spot.

You know, I know. I'm generally... I'm generally...

The point of optimism is the weather.

That's been the durable point.

But the weather can get a town through some bad eras, right?

Because if everything is actually headed the wrong direction,

but the weather is simply so good that when you open the open.

It'll be fine.

It'll get you through.

I'm very bullish.

I'm like, it's so.

Move here.

Yeah.

I mean, like look, like when like when Detroit got hollowed out after like this.

shrinking of the auto industry there, et cetera.

It's like, what was keeping, you know, they didn't have the weather.

Oh, true.

You know?

And so, like, you don't have the weather.

It'll be fine.

Wait a couple years.

It'll be fine.

Yeah.

It'll be fine.

But I'm waiting for the, I'm waiting for whatever industry can bring great opportunity to L.A. again,

which it just doesn't feel like, like I moved here after college.

And I thought it was great because it was much more.

affordable than New York.

I'd have friends visit from New York

and then you'd be like, you get

this crazy loft for what would be

you know. See, in New York,

I believe there's this perpetual

conversation that has like, I should I move to

California? These days it's more SF, but for

many years, the discourse

among people in New York is like,

should I move to L.A.? You know,

like it seems pretty nice out there. I get

the impression, and maybe you guys could tell

me if I'm wrong, like, I feel like once you

get here, you don't have the reverse

conversation.

Like, oh, should I move to New York?

I feel like it's like, oh, the kid that was, I was, I was, I've, I've felt that way.

I felt that way.

Yeah.

But I think you're unique in that.

But I, but, but spiritually I've always felt at home in New York, even though I've

never lived there full time.

Well, that's the lovely part of New York.

You are spiritually at home, New York.

You don't think converting the paramount lot into a data center will keep people here?

That seems like a lot of opportunities.

Yeah, I mean, it's worth a shot.

I mean, look, look, the question, if there is add new, and

industry and America that creates jobs, then some of them will be in LA.

Yes.

I think the question is, it's not an L.A.

Will there ever be another industry in America that creates jobs in large scale?

Yeah.

If there is one, L.A. will be fine.

If there isn't one, then it's not just going to be an L.A. problem.

Even older people driving elderly care, health care hiring.

Yeah, right.

But it's not just going to be an L.A. problem.

Like, if that's the issue, it's like, we can't think of the industry that's going to, then, like, I guarantee.

It's not just an LA problem.

Yeah.

Yeah.

What do you think of the latest in the AI Data Center discourse debate?

It felt like we were grinding towards a crescendo there.

And then we just took a hard left turn into AI risk, X-risk.

I think so, too.

I think that actually...

It's almost like it was coordinated by powerful, shadowy organizations.

That's Ian Bremer's take.

Ian Bremer's take is actually that the X-risk debate is to do.

distract everyone from the real problems.

Not just data centers, like, you know, brain rot and slop and like all the other complaints about job displacement.

And he's like the AI lab leaders, in his view, I don't know if I fully agree with this, but in his view, he says, I, like, there's nothing an AI lab leader loves more than talking about X-risk.

It's pure upside.

Well, I would say two things.

So one is it already feels like if you're sort of a politician and you're still talking about data centers, like, bro, that was a

month ago. We've like moved on to model risk and stuff like that. So it does feel like actually

very quickly the data center conversation disappeared among political discourse. My cynical version

of the Ian Bremmer take, however, is slightly different. But maybe it converges on the same thing,

which is that actually, you know, because before data centers and before the ex-risk debate,

it was the job loss debate, right? And so this question is like,

Oh, well, AI wipe out 50 to 100% or 10% of white-collar jobs.

And the, you know, if you read the op-eds from the, you know, the de misis,

of the world, this is what they were talking about.

My cynical take at the time of those was they're very concerned about X-risk.

What is something that we could talk about that would distract from the...

Oh, interesting.

Not distract from it.

What is a way that we can sound...

Soapen it.

Or is like, what is the way that we can sound the alarm about AI without sounding like a complete bunch of loons?

Totally.

Well, let's talk about job loss.

Because that feels like.

Because certainly we can't get an AI dumer on Joe Rogan.

They'll never go after that.

But like, so let's talk about jobs because we can have that conversation.

And also job loss is the type of problem that like the three of us could come up with theoretical answers.

Totally.

I would say like maybe 10% of open AI gets into a.

you know, a national fund.

Exactly, exactly.

There's practical solutions.

Economists will engage.

It's also another way to think about it.

You can tell somebody like an asteroid is going to hit the Earth in 2050

and people would still go to work tomorrow.

Totally.

Sure.

But if you were like really like, if you're like sitting there in Alive and you have like

these very deep intuitions and you've been reading like Bostrum for 20 years, what are you

concerned about?

You're concerned about the X risk.

How do you get people to just, first of all, take the idea that AI risk is.

a big deal.

Or AI is real.

Or AI is real.

Let's start with the job loss

conversation.

It feels tractable.

It feels theoretically solvable.

It's like, oh, we need an UBI.

And so my cynical take was that the only reason or the primary reason they talked

so much about the job loss stuff is because it was a way in to warn people about

AI that didn't make them sound like sci-fi lines.

But that feels like that backfired because we're sitting here and there hasn't been

massive AI job loss.

And so it's easy for people to be like, these are the people that were telling us that there was going to be 25% unemployment.

And that hasn't happened.

So they're saying 10% chance.

Like, I'm betting against me.

Yeah, there's this weird thing going on.

I certainly think this is true, which is, I don't know, you see these people as like top ranked AI forecaster.

Right.

Or like capabilities forecaster.

And many of them do have like pretty good track record.

Yeah.

Except on the question of what will be the impact of this technology.

They're all internal.

They're all internally.

It's like, yes, I was able to predict model progress by the amount of compute that was built.

And also, wow, he also predicted the number of chips that were going to be bought.

He also predicted the number of data centers that were going to be built.

And it's like, those are all downstream of the exact same line.

You're just extrapolating things that are directly correlative.

Yeah, except the one thing that no one has had any good intuitions on.

I was like, when are we just going to feel this in our day-to-day life?

And it's pretty weird now that the conversation,

has evolved to like the ex-risk conversation because it's like you step outside.

It's like, why it feels really normal.

Totally normal.

You know, I was like talking last night.

We were like talking to like, say, you know, we're at this conference of like financial

advisors, et cetera.

And it's like there's this surreal thing because I like, when I stare at my phone, it's

You know.

A lot of those financial advisors, they talk about AGI all the time.

Adjusted gross income.

Adjusted gross income.

That's right.

That's what they're focused on.

But you know, it's like, well, AI can.

help you like this AI tool helps your clients with tax loss harvesting, etc., which is great.

I love tax loss harvesting.

But it's like, wow, this could not be a more different.

Let's give it up for tax loss harvesting.

But this conversation could not feel more different from like the types of conversations

about AI that like I read on my like.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Or the disconnect, honestly, between like the discourse and then like dream force is happening.

Oh, yeah.

It's like, yeah, like, there's those big problems that we need to be talking about.

Like, we got to be talking about this.

But in the meantime.

Yeah.

No, I really like.

Here's another thing.

Here's another thing.

So I was thinking, growing up in the Bay Area, I distinctly remember the Iraq war protests.

Yes.

Now, I just looked at it.

There was 200,000 people roughly in the streets, like marching.

Yeah.

A million.

There hasn't even been, there hasn't even been a 10,000 person.

AI protest. You ought to hear a funny story. So I was at University of Texas, Austin, I was a young

hippie, and I attended some anti-Iraq war marches. And there was this guy at the friend.

There was this guy at the, I was in the crowd too. There was this guy at the front of the crowd

who would regularly show up. And he had this bullhorn. And he would captivate the crowd. And he would

look, he would point up at a nearby office building. And he would say, don't think we can't see you,

you know, G men up there spying us and everything,

and that everyone would like crane their head

who's like, oh, yeah, I think I see someone in the office.

That was Alex Jones.

That was, that person, that person was like the guy,

and so like the least surprising thing.

How deep does he go to why is it all in a protest with Alex Jones?

Like this guy who just like had us all captivated during the protest

who would be like, and everyone was like,

oh yeah, I think I do see someone up there.

Yeah.

That was Alex Jones.

Wow.

He's just had a natural talent for it.

Gifted.

That's remarkable.

Yeah.

Wow.

Wow.

That's crazy.

I mean, yeah, that's like when we, yeah, there's some John Kirooku, you know this guy?

No, that shows up in weird places.

I think he was like a school teacher.

That was a wild story.

These like, you know, closing, sliding doors moments in history.

Yeah, yeah.

I know.

No, it's like he was just a local guy that we all knew back then when we were in college.

Okay.

Back to the.

Back to data centers, back to X-Risk.

So, so conversations getting marked.

There's one scenario where X-risk is the thing that does move the needle on the protest.

You go from 10,000 to 100,000.

Legislation gets written, and it builds on a lot of the work that's been worked on the data center stuff.

And if you read the AI safety crowd, a lot of them are like, yeah, we actually would love a slowdown in chip production.

Slowdown of data centers.

That would actually be pretty satisfactory because one of the prerequisites for nefarious A.S.

is just a lot of computer.

A lot of computer.

We're not worried about the God model emerging on a desktop computer.

We just don't see what's going to happen.

So AOC was recently on camera talking about it.

I think you called her response like Word Salad.

But we have the technology to turn Word Salad into ironclad legislation.

So.

And see a new Salad Salas.

Yes.

So take us through like, is there, is the word saladification of the AI discourse

actually a problem?

Wow.

You know what it is?

That's a really good question.

I asked a version of this question to someone several months ago who is like in the real

like Safetyist Camp before it became cool.

And I was like, why do you guys just join up with the anti-data center people?

Right?

That's a great question.

I was just like, you know, I understand.

It's like they don't have the same like sort of understanding like they don't the shape

of the risk there.

Why do you just join up with them?

Yeah.

And I do think that like with, you know, people who have.

sharpen their blade for 10 years

and the less wrong forums,

they cannot do that thing of like,

yes, but they're wrong.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh, yes, yes, aligning with the

anti-data center people would align with me

perfect, but they're wrong about the water consumption.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And I cannot bring myself to a lie with them,

not because it wouldn't be useful,

but because I can't bring myself

to be on the same side as like someone

who slightly is factually in disagreement with me.

It does feel like there's the beginning

of that horseshoe coming together with,

Steve Bannon and Bernie Sanders.

Steve Bannon for years has just been like anti-tech, anti-Facebook, anti-control, and like big company.

And so there's more merging there.

But I agree it's even harder for the AI safety camp.

But it feels like the Nate Suarez on Tucker Carlson and Daniel on Joe Roggan are like there might have been an update to the strategy.

I think there has been.

And I think anyone who expects AI politics.

to map cleanly to some like left-right thing is like delusional.

So like I get, all right, Bernie became the first like major elected politician to like join the

pause cause, et cetera.

And so then people like, oh, anti-AI is going to be a left thing.

But you're absolutely right.

There is not going to be a left.

First of all, there's not going to be a left position to AI because there's a million

different angles.

But also anyone who thinks that it's going to split between like some Democrat-Republicate

thing. You know, we had Kathy Hokel on the podcast, and she was, like, defending the data center

one-year moratorium in New York. And I think at that point, like, literally, it was so quick,

because at that point, then people were like, well, look, okay, New York is going to miss out on

all of these companies that are, you know, bringing in tax revenue, et cetera. So this is why

Texas is going to get it. And then, like, a week later, Governor Abbott, he didn't, it wasn't a

moratorium, but then he announced like a higher bar that the data centers are going to have to

clear in order to get built there. So even whether we're talking about model regulation,

whether we're talking about building of data centers, this idea that's going to map

cleanly onto some Democrat-Republican thing. I think it's like delusional. How do you think people

break on should this be a federal or states issue? Because there's a world where, you know,

a particular state is like, yeah, we, we actually love this. I'm struggling to see a

negative externality of a data center in a particular state.

If everyone there is happy, maybe they should, maybe it should be state by state regulation.

At the same time, it's such a national discourse issue that having a clarifying bill for like,

yes, we are only building clean data center.

Sure.

There's some emission standard.

Maybe that makes sense, but how have you seen it puzzled around?

No, look, I think most people, regardless of where you, like, fall on all of these questions,

probably think that like some patchwork of state laws is like not a great way to go about doing any of this.

But, you know, outside data centers, I thought it was really interesting.

I guess it was like just last time is fine.

You know, Chris Lehan from Open AI.

And in that thing he spelled out, it's like, we support this Massachusetts bill now.

We support this California bill now, et cetera.

That's a pivot.

Yeah, totally.

That's a pivot.

And so like, I'm sure.

Not the first pivot.

Nobody loves a pivot.

But I thought, you know, it was really interesting.

interesting because in as recently as last year another fellow we had in the podcast like Alex Boris was like was was was enemy yeah one and his bill that he had pushed into saved assembly was like pretty straightforward if you're above a certain company and you have some quote incident you have to report it and pay a fine etc that kind of seems like a small potatoes regulation compared to like what we could get at this point I doubt again like in the AI industry or outside the industry anyone particularly love is

the idea of like this, you know, the state by state rules.

But it does feel like to a lot of people, well, this is the least worst possible.

The best part about the state by state rules is that you have, it sets up the AGI dunk,

which is like, oh, if your models are so powerful, it shouldn't be hard to comply with all

the rules state by state.

Like, yeah, it's a mess.

And you have to serve 50 different versions of chat chit, but like, go for it.

Just have your model do it.

Well, this is, you know, the other paradox, oh, you think your models are going to, like,

go kill people or whatever.

Just tell the AGI not to do that.

If it's smart and have the AGI train, right?

Like there's like all these.

Yeah, yeah.

People apply to the distillation thing too.

I mean, this is the...

I'm so smart, why can't you stop?

Yeah, you're so smart, right?

But this is like, this industry has, A, not only made for thought experiments.

The thought experiments have been around probably since the 1950s and the version of sci-fi novels and Asimov, et cetera.

And so the whole thing is built on thought experiments and so forth.

There were thought experiments before there was something.

we would call an AI industry, and you just literally take them in any direction.

And there's like...

On the opposite end of thought experiment is like hard reality rate hikes.

Yes.

Do you think the AI community is digesting what's going on with the Fed funds rate,

what the outlook is on interest rates?

No.

No, and I also like, I would be, you know, I would be very similar.

No, no, it's just, it is a very different world because like,

because like, tech companies that have never raised debt.

have never raised money at all, are doing it.

And, like, they will be affected by this and probably more so in the future.

So, yeah, what's that?

It will not only be affected, but I think by and large, if you sort of, like, assume the growth rates that these companies are seeing,

if you sort of, like, do the math on, like, what, okay, financing, building a data center, acquiring the chips.

I don't think, like, 25 basis points, 50 basis points.

Sure.

They just don't move to dial yet.

Yeah.

I think Sarah Fryer said, like, yeah, she bought all this compute and it, like, trades in the market.

I mean, there's a long, so it's funny, yeah, and there's, you know, there's actually a funny amount of academic literature on whether any company, period, cares about interest rates.

So this is actually an empirical thing that's been tested, which is, like, have there ever been an example of a company that actually, like, change some policy choice because of something the Fed did?

And it's, like, surprisingly rare.

There are so many bigger questions that usually, okay, here's a board meeting.

And we're deciding whether we're going to make some investment.

And it's very rare that the decision, oh, is the tenure at 6% right now or is it 6.5% right now?

Is the short end at 4.7% or is it at 5?

There are very few corporate decisions in the history of business where that turned out to be the deciding factor.

Now, if we're talking maybe strictly real estate, where there's like a very like, a

okay, these are going to be our cap rates, et cetera.

Sure, that may be very great sensitive.

Now it's not.

But by and large, it is a huge open question about whether these marginal moves, anything,

have any history of affecting corporate behavior or not.

Can you reflect on Warsh and how you, like, how is he different?

Not even in the strategy, we know the rates are going up,

but, like, aesthetically, the way he communicates, the, the dynamic between him and other parties.

Like, how does he feel?

he's just at the start, but like, what is his legacy building towards here?

What's the work and purpose?

You know, I think there is this view, there's certainly a view that Worse represents some sort of like very 90 degree turn from like the three predecessors he had.

Or 180, I don't know.

Powell, um, Yellen and Bernanke, in the specific sense, there were more, well, Powell was a lawyer, but still more of like, but still like an internalized academic macro for sure.

But the main thing that they had was like they communicated a lot.

And they brought, starting under Bernanke, there were a number of, I guess I would call them, monetary policy innovations.

The press conference, there's not a history of that before Bernanke.

There are a so-called dot plots where the members of the FMC write down where they expect growth on employment.

And Bernanke got the press conference idea from basketball?

I didn't.

Probably from basketball.

And it was built upon.

But I think there is like, look, like most of the history.

of Central Banking probably looks much more like worse.

Like they didn't use to talk so much.

Oh, that's good point.

And so, like, I am of this view that basically, like, you know, we could go,

if you go back to the Greenspan era, he was the word, the famous word to describe

his style of communication was nomic, right?

And he didn't say many words, or if he did say a lot of words, no one understood

what he was talking about.

there is a long tradition of essentially like opacity in one way or another at the Fed.

Sure.

And so like if like I, to some extent, like, you know, people's like, oh, so we're getting like,

oh, these, the dots do not have some long intellectual tradition at the Fed.

If they completely got rid of the dots, if they completely got rid of regular press conferences,

which my gut is that Warsh would like to do because he doesn't really say anything at most of his press conferences,

we would not be ripping up some hundreds of years of like,

no, we were ripping up precedent since 2008.

And some of the, or 2009.

And some of this stuff made a lot of sense coming out of the great financial crisis.

Because it was a Fed crisis.

Like it was a crisis for them and they were instrumented.

Look, they had a very specific challenge, which was that inflation was very low.

They had cut rates to zero.

If you had plugged the economic conditions of the Taylor Rule,

into some sort of like rule, it would have said, like, you have to cut rates to negative

five.

Yeah.

They can't do that.

I think a lot of things break when you have negative interest rates.

So then they're like, well, how can we be further dovish once we hit the zero lower

bound?

And it's like, okay, we're going to do this by talking more about our commitment to lowering rates and so forth.

So a lot of these things made a certain intuitive sense under a set of macro conditions

in which the traditional tools of monetary policy were not workable.

because you just couldn't cut rates any further.

It's 2026 now.

It's a very different set of problems, et cetera.

So if you would say, look, under these conditions,

we do not have the same problems that we had

when these things made a lot of sense

so we should get rid of them.

I think there are a lot of people who would agree.

The one thing I will say that I like,

the head scratcher still is that, like, on some level,

you know, he used in his first or second press conference,

worse use this phrase, we would like to play, we would like to market participants,

play the ball and not the referee, the referee being the Fed.

And that sounds great.

We love that idea.

Play the ball and not the referee.

Unfortunately, in where I would say, like, in the sort of government bond market,

the Fed is the ball, right?

We're all trying to guess where this is, right?

So it's like, let's talk for a second.

Let's imagine a two-year government bond, right?

That two-year government bond is going to the correct.

pricing of that bond is going to be like where the Fed sets rates over the next two years,

right? It is. Okay. Is there some sort of steel man here where like the you should be more

focused on the fiscal condition of the U.S. government? We would love for that to be the case,

but at the, we would love for that to be, sure, yes, but the thing is the Fed is going to be making

decisions. There's 12 members of the FOMC, 12 voting members of the FOMC. And they are going to be

attempting to meet their dual mandate of maximum unemployment and stable prices

and things that they will take into account, well, what is government spending look like right now?

What is trade and tariffs?

What does that mean for the inflation picture, et cetera?

What does AI mean for the state of the employment position, et cetera?

But at the end of the day, then it's like, you are, once you are a participant in that market,

what you are betting on is strictly and only how those 12 members of the FOMC

are going to be digesting that information.

You know, when

we occasionally have

arguments or debates about prediction markets,

I like to point out

that the U.S. government

bond market is not

figuratively or

metaphorically a prediction market.

It is literally a prediction market

in the specific sense

that you are making bets on how 12

voters, just as an election

and there are only 12 voters

of what they want.

will do at the next meeting or the subsequent meetings.

So it is literally a prediction market of how you expect 12 people to vote eight times a year.

And that's not, that is all I believe that a government, at least in the U.S., that a government bond market could ever be.

Fed currently needs to, the dual mandate is minimize unemployment.

Yes, which does not have a deal.

Minimize inflation or hit the inflation target?

So the goal is stable prices.

And that has been interpreted and formalized as we have a 2% inflation target.

But post-AGI, post-abundance will want the Fed to maximize unemployment and minimize prices.

They want to maximize deflation, so everything's essentially free.

If we're really AGI-I-pilled here, that's where we need the Fed to be going, right?

Yeah, I don't know what like operations.

Post-singularity Fed looks like.

Right, because let's just say we have.

Let's say we have an AGI that could do all human labor, right?

I don't know what that means for Federal Reserve tax with maximizing labor.

It's a road to cross.

What data do you feel like, what economic data do you feel like you can really lean on?

Sure.

I have so little trust in all the employment data now because it always gets revised.

Sometimes, you know, the revisions have been insane.

and at least like it felt like six months ago,

like there was so much admin like focus on some of this data.

And then there was some personnel changes.

And so now I'm like the boss didn't really like the data.

I'll say two things, which is that I actually believe that even to this day,

setting aside some of the personnel changes, you should do this sometime.

You should like call up the BLS.

They will answer any question you have.

There are all these very serious people who take their jobs very seriously.

If you wanted to call up the BLS right now.

This sounds amazing.

You should do it.

It would be a good segment.

But if you called them up and you're like, you know, I want to understand how you,

my co-host Tracy wrote a piece on this.

But if you're like, if you call them up and say, you know, how did you arrive at the price of mayonnaise for this end of?

They will answer.

They will spend an hour on their phone with you.

They're great.

That's amazing.

They're really good.

That's cool.

They're public servants and the classical thing.

They will sit in an hour with you and tell you how this was constructed.

So they're really good.

I agree.

And then the other thing I will say is like, look, especially in the like hedge fund world,

there has been a very big obsession with like alt, alt data, private sector data, right?

It looks exactly the same.

Exactly.

Like there's been many attempts to construct private price indices.

There's ADP.

Yep.

You can, Indeed.com has a job.

It doesn't do for that much.

It all tracks the same.

So there is this hope or this sort of believe that's like, oh, no, the private sector would be better at collecting this data maybe.

And look, it's all out there.

And then there's the MasterCard spending data, et cetera.

It ends up rarely deviating it in any substantial sense.

So where you're saying is this goes a lot deeper than.

It goes a lot deeper.

It goes a lot deeper.

They're all in on it.

Job data, Truther goes to heaven, asks God, did we really add, did the U.S. really add a hundred and sixty-60,000 jobs?

in August.

They really did.

And they said, wow, this goes deep.

Even God's in on it.

Wow.

Exactly that.

That is crazy.

Yeah, one thing that has stuck out to me is like, this has been the year of sort

of breathless takes from AI leaders and VCs around like we're in the post-AGI era,

AGI is here, we're in the singularity, we're in the foothills of the singularity.

Everyone has a different buzzword, except I'm just like, I'm going to be looking at all the

economic charts and like,

It doesn't feel like there's a kink in the graph yet.

No, it does not.

It doesn't feel like it's showing up a GP, employment, anything else.

I think an interesting question is, and I, like, you know, where does the productivity data show up for the internet?

Yeah, that's the thing.

It doesn't.

You like, oh, in the late 90s, productivity moved from 2.5 to 2.8%.

Yeah.

Amazing.

Wow.

And so it's like, or it's like, where did the productivity show up with the release of the mobile phone?

Yeah.

So I do think, like, we could, we should, and we had, there's many interesting conversations that will be had about how AI is, like, manifesting in the data.

But I do think it's worth asking, like, why didn't these other technologies, like, show, that should have or intuitively felt like they would revolutionize business in some way, make companies hyperproductive?

Why didn't that show up in the data either?

So, until that day when the kink arrives, we have plenty from the past.

We could still talk about and try to understand.

Yeah.

That's sort of my time on that.

Yeah.

What else have you been tracking recently outside of, is AI just completely all-encompassing?

It's so annoying because it's like I'm very interested in like, you know, I'm very interested in oil.

I've been doing some oil stuff.

But, you know, I'm very interested in the Fed itself.

I'm very interested in all these things.

But it's just like I feel like it kind of against my will.

Yeah, suck.

That, right, like that it's just like every year.

Do you ever feel that way?

He's like, really?

Another main story on this?

No, I got to like, there's someone in my DMs who's like, we got to do an episode about motor oil.

We do an episode about motor oil.

That's cool.

Yeah.

I got to do an episode about.

I like where this is coming.

I got to do an episode about diesel prices.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

All of these things to prioritize.

But I do feel to some extent it gets my will.

Like, there's this, like, monotonical step up in the number of, like, waking hours that, like, you just can't talk about these things without AI.

It's funny.

I was in, earlier in the year, I guess it was early this summer when oil was a lot higher.

I was out in Hong Kong.

And Asia or East Asia in particular scene is, like, ground zero for where, you know, the jet fuel crunch is really going to hit and stuff like that.

because just the route, et cetera.

So I'm sitting around, like, all these, like, business execs,

and I'm, like, asking them, what's going on with oil and air?

And it's like, whatever, let's talk about AI.

I was like, oh, my God.

This is where I thought you guys were going to be a little more.

You know what we need?

We need a new thought experiment for the oil community.

That's right.

We need to build a new thought experiment for all these niche stories.

And then it can be something that we can tussle with.

We can tussle with, have, like, a big debate.

We need a percentage, you know, percentages around these thought experiments.

That's right.

build a lore in the world so then you can

have endless. It's really, I want to

talk to them about like, you know,

asset allocation.

You know the question that I still

have not gotten to the bottom of? You mentioned

the Iraq war protest.

Yes. And I remember

that there was, at the

time, the banner

was no blood

for oil. That's right. Because

the stated reason why

America went to war in the Middle East was

WMD's. Yes. And that

was pretty handily concluded as like false, right?

I think so, yeah.

This information, right?

But the cynical view was like, we only went to for oil.

And, but we didn't get the oil or was that?

I don't know.

So, so, so my question is like, is like, when George Bush and Cheney sit down years later

and have a glass of wine together and they reflect, are they like, damn, that one got away from us, right?

I mean, I mean, Trump certainly thinks there's the war.

What are they doing? We didn't even get the oil.

Yeah, yeah.

But, you know, speaking of, like, you know, the, what is happening on the ground is we did get the oil out of Venezuela.

Like, Venezuelan oil is, like, basically our oil now.

But that's 1% of the market?

I don't know exactly what it is, but it's a lot of oil.

Okay.

But where are the, like, you know, you do not-

Is a pump?

But there's no savings at the pump.

But there's also, like, the disappearance of, like, that kind of protest movement.

Because I think, like, which is where I kind of thought you were going to go.

But it's, like, there was a point in our life.

or like the thought of like using U.S. Imperial might to extract oil was something that animated

a non-trival number of people.

I also, I think, I think the internet.

Now we're literally doing it.

Yeah.

Where is the, where is the, I mean, there is one.

I don't want to actually completely sneer them, but like, you know, where is the,

there has not been a particularly large-scale protest movement about the embargoed.

No, no, it's, it's, social media, like, very clearly killed protests because it allows, like,

people can, like, go viral.

and feel like they're, like, you know, taking action.

And yet, like, it's like, it sounds like the dream of a government

that's not doing the will of the people is like,

you can do whatever you want.

And sometimes they're going to get angry online at you,

but nothing will actually happen.

But that's very new.

I mean, just a few years ago,

there were millions of people for the Women's March,

Black Lives Matter movements.

Like, it was, it was like post-COVID, then things maybe slowed down.

Like, I completely agree with this idea that, like,

people feel like they can scratch the

itch of protest online by

throwing a like on a...

You know what really like died?

It's the bumper sticker.

I was just talking. I was just thinking about that.

I was like every once in a while I still like,

usually it's like a Vermont license plate

and they still have like all of those

like the coexist bumper sticker.

This car climb out Washington bumper sticker.

My other car is a broomstick bumper sticker.

I miss all that.

Everyone's in a while I see.

It's a boom in the, I bought this Tesla before.

I bought that choice.

There is that one.

But I miss the bumper sticker.

But I do too.

And I was thinking about how, I haven't seen any anti-AI bumper stickers, but that feels like

a ripe area for entrepreneurship.

Yeah.

He's going to start a bumper sticker enterprise.

Yeah, that's right.

The anti-Datacenter bumper sticker, probably going to fly off the shelves.

And my friend Blake makes amazing bumper stickers.

He's the world's foremost vintage G-Wagon dealer.

Okay.

So he makes bumper stickers that say you wouldn't put a bumper sticker on a Mercedes-Benz.

Oh.

You know what I think there's one of the reasons why AI politics are really confusing and scrambling,

is that like to even go bought, to even say like put up an anti-AI bumper sticker on your market,

would force the person to accept the premise that AI is a serious and important technology.

Totally.

And so part of the reason that I think that.

it scrambles the thing is like if you want me to be actively anti it then I first have to

accept the premise that I'm legitimizing yep yep yep and that is like something that many people are

reluctant to do for various reasons and so there is this question Nate Silver asked this is like

why don't you see it more like sort of like left wing opposition to like AI and the pace of development

sure sure there are many I have many I think there are many answers to this and I don't even know like

there will never be a you know people are

complicated. But I think it first requires a certain step of legitimization that people don't

want to do, which would be required to actually like care enough about AI risk to put a bumper

sticker on it. Yeah, yeah. With the power of AI, we'll be able to take a picture of that

bumper sticker immediately translated into ironclad legislation. That's the cool. We could do it.

spell this out all the herebyes that you need to have at the thing. Turn it into law immediately.

God. You know, it's funny like, um, such a class.

political talking points like they never even read the legislation that they voted on and now

this is like everything now it's like they never even read the code that they implemented

like there's this will be the phenomenon of our world that in so many different things that

people implement no one ever actually like read it or knows like what the guts of it are yeah and

it's just beginning yeah yeah the state of the book industry is interesting yeah did

read the Tim Ferriss article no he talks about how he he he

He wrote very specific nonfiction books.

One of them is called a four-hour chef.

And it's essentially a recipe book.

And he was like, I actually got steamrolled by ChatchipT because people can look up exactly what that is.

And he was trying to sort of like match through some trends.

Like obviously, I think the Kindle bookstore has seen Reacts the number of submissions.

And there's a clear AI effect there.

But then I imagine that sales of, you know, Harry Potter's are.

still chugging along.

It's not really substitutive with that.

No, I think that, but, you know, I do think probably in sort of like, you know, the type of

people who like wrote the books about like people who want to read about erotic affairs

with monsters and, you know, which is like, that's a big kind of way.

I have heard that this is a genre.

It's called Romantacy.

Romanticy.

Yes, it's an investing.

Will AI, like, be able to write?

I would suspect that it won't be too long until like some of these genres.

But, you know, like, look, really, like, big, like, this sort of world-building type of fiction that would be in a Harry Potter.

I don't think we'll have that technology for at least another two or three months.

Have you been surprised that Pangram works in 2026?

Yeah, I have been.

Like, intuitively.

I would have said that if they're solving Millennium Prizes, there's no way that Max Sparrow can detect it with his team.

I have been surprised.

I would have guessed that, and I guess I would still.

guess that at some point

AI writing will be good enough

or will be, but

like... And I don't think the labs are focused on

evading the eye detection. So it could be

that at some point they may prioritize

that or something like that. And it's kind of

a nice equilibrium where it's like, look, if you

want to know if it's AI written, you can.

Yeah. But we're not going to like stuff it in your face

with a bunch of like heavy handed tells.

Yeah. Like, you know, additions. But like, it is an option

to go figure it out if you want to. It might be a useful

You know what? It might be a useful equilibrium, one that the labs don't feel any particular prioritization to, like, work on, et cetera.

I mean, like, I, you know, there's no, you know, it's funny because people talk about, like, AI writing.

And when I, when the conversation happens online, it's often between journalists.

And so writing to them means writing articles.

Yeah, yeah.

The vast majority of, quote, writing is just emails, right?

And I doubt there's like, you know, and I don't think that there is like some big norm within most corporations.

Like what?

You had an AI write this memo summarizing the meeting?

Yeah.

I've actually heard the opposite when I talk to people who work in non-media organizations and non-tech organizations, that there was a norm against like, why didn't you have the AI write this?

It would have been a cleaner email than.

Cleaner for sure.

But I think the KPI that I would be interested in looking at if would be like, would be like,

like number of words, like, posted to Slack and over email for employees,

should not be increasing in the AI era.

No.

Like, do not just become more verbose because you can.

But if you're using AI to fact check everything that you're saying,

but you're still writing tersely, I'm in.

No, no, I agree.

And, like, look, it's still all in flux.

But, like, I think, like, by and large, like,

if you send me an email and it's like how to find the TBPN offices,

what you should do,

and I can tell it's like AI written

it's not gonna be a big deal to me I'm not gonna be like

it's not just a studio Joe it's an ultradome

you'll know it when you see it like I'm not gonna be like

you know tremendously offended

if like you used

you send you the sloppiest yeah GPT40 email

I actually am like I am kind of

like a holdout

I actually have never sent

a like AI generated email like I'm like

if I'm gonna like put words

to something I want to write them

but I do not think there's gonna be like

some big norm against like for like basic functional.

Yeah.

I just love being able like open up the voice mode or like the dictate.

Yeah, yeah.

Ask seven different questions across statistics and links and some charts.

And then just have like basically I used to have 12 tabs with Wikipedia and some economic

statistics.

And I used to be tabbing through them when I'm actually writing or researching and now I can

just have it all in one go.

And then I'm still doing the instantiation and like the talk process.

Look, it's pretty nice.

It's really good for like,

it's pretty good.

It's pretty hard to resist.

I mean, yeah, like whether I, you know, I'm interested in this book or some other recommendations.

What are the through lines between this line of thought and this line of thought?

Yeah, yeah.

It's pretty good.

I can't use it.

What are the biggest or like most shocking findings from your studies on orality?

Yeah.

You know, I think it's actually like, so this is something I'm like very interested.

in. And I don't know. So, or like when you think of like, so, orality, what do we really

talk about here? It's speech, but there are things that happen in speech that are the important

part. So, for example, three people talking, we've tried like, oh, let's one up each other,

et cetera. Let's get a little bit confrontational. It's like, this is like what we're talking about.

Let's get a little spicy. I completely agree. Let's not get confrontational.

No, let's not. But, um, but this is different with that. Like,

And so this is actually something I'm, like, very interested in because for the last 15 years of the Internet, we are just sort of like bathed in constant, both fights and competition, right?

Yeah.

Whether it's Instagram and you're sort of trying to show your life is a little bit better than someone else's or whether it's Twitter and you, like, want to get in a good dunk, et cetera.

And so I think the really interesting question, one of many interesting questions from a society standpoint is what happens when we're bathed in.

the thing that always agrees with us.

And what happens, like, when we're bathed in, like, the most polite, helpful thing on the other side?

So it's very tempting to, like, look at and say, like, okay, chatbots are this huge thing.

This is the extension, the acceleration.

This is, like, this sort of back-and-forthness of social media, et cetera.

But it's not because it doesn't have that, like, competitive thing that the chatbot is never trying to one-up you.

It's never trying to get a dunk up.

I actually have had an experience recently.

I got a very robust racing simulator.

Oh, sick.

And so I'll be like, you know, focusing on improving, like, my lap times or the same.

Class of car on a certain track.

And I've had the experience a bunch of times where I'm like, I cut like a lot of, you know, multiple seconds off my time.

I think I'm feeling, like, I feel pretty quick.

Yeah.

And I go to chat Chabot.

and I'm like, how's this pace on this track?

Oh, wow.

And it'll just like, I'm expecting it to be like, you are the go.

It used to.

It used to.

It used to be like, you're in the conversation.

It's like, and like, you know, granted, I'm, I'm a relative beginner.

Yeah.

But it'll be like, you know, I'll think, I'll have improved a lot already.

And then it'll be like, yeah, you're, you're like clearly in development.

I wouldn't call you like, and it's like, and it's, and it's, and it's, and it's, and it's, and it's, and it's, uh, you're, uh, you're, uh, you're, uh, you're, uh,

you're, uh, you're, uh, competition pace, basically. And I'm, and I'm actually, it's like,

to me, I'm like, wow, I'm, I'm actually glad it, I'm glad it's telling me the truth, because it's gonna, it's

pushing me, it's showing me there's more, but it's not a good feeling to get told by this thing.

No, I always says, who is brave enough to admit that they miss what the models are more obscene?

We have told you were a genius every time.

I'm like, what do you, but now you like ask the latest mobile, you know, I have this thought that this is like this.

And it's like, yeah, Melissa, you're not, you're missing something.

It's like, oh, you know what, I'm going to go back to Opus because that was really nice to me and always told me I was a genius.

Sometimes we'll even sort of like, like, like, you'll ask a question and they'll dig it and they'll be like, well, I found some interesting things.

I dug into it and here's the interesting.

You know what I can.

And I'm like, yeah, well, I started this.

Okay.

So let's give me some credit.

I like to, you know, unfortunately, several when I frequently will ask the question on incognito mode so that past history doesn't, so that, like, I don't want it to just like flatter my, you know, because otherwise it's too.

Of course, of course.

But I had something that I had never seen before.

It literally says, so 208 puts you at a pretty reasonable pace, especially since you're still learning the track.

The circuit has an unusually large skill gap because the entire mountain section rewards confidence and precision.

It's basically like saying you suck.

That's brutal.

But I had an interesting experience

that I never had seen a response before.

So I was reading a book and I didn't quite understand something.

So I asked the model if it could help me

like understand this section.

And it said something weird that I had never got before.

It said, you'll have to forgive me

because I'm remembering this book from my memory.

And it was like I, so I'm like my memory of the book

isn't that great.

but my understanding.

And I was like, that's weird.

Because then the model begins to sound like this, like, self that has an understanding of its own.

It's like, you'll have to forgive me.

I don't exactly remember what the book said.

Interesting.

And I was, like, kind of unnerved by this, like, level of abstraction.

So that is weird.

That also might be an artifact from specific reinforcement learning on do not memorize the entire book, because if you reproduce it, we get.

Then it's a copyright.

And so actually, like, the correct way to talk about literature is as someone who has read the book, but might not remember it at all.

And that's actually the goal that gets reinforced.

That's very, okay, that could be a good answer.

Anyway, I can't find it out.

The only reason I mentioned, I asked on incognito mode, so I can't pull it up because I want to go back and read it, but it disappeared from my chat history.

But these things, like, is it kind of like a nerd vibe.

Totally.

Yeah, no, there's a lot.

And, yeah, I was, I was noted.

messaging chat Chb Tviti uses I to refer to itself and I was like but but the models are

starting to use agent swarms so should they start being should we should we have you ever

seen that famous screenshot of it was a real chat someone asked it some question and someone

said where did you get that fact and the model said oh I was in I I heard it an IBM conference

in 1985 which was not responded is like where is this coming from it's like you were not at an

IBM conference at nine but that was the

it's fun. It's like weird weird

stuff in there Watson yeah

gentlemen yeah I have a meeting

I gotta get to pretty soon

I hate to cut it off such a good time but

I love chat with you guys yeah always a great time let's do it again

soon it's an honor to finally have you here

it's an honor to be here in the dome

I can't believe I got to hit the gong

yes that was like I'm done I have no nothing left to accomplish it

hit the sound board you got one one option

one option

You know

The live show is happening

Odd Lots in Los Angeles

Lots of guests

It's happening tonight

There we go

All right and I want you to experience this

We'll see you guys

We're going to see you Monday

We're at a conference tomorrow

But we'll be back on Monday

11 a.m. Pacific Sharp

We love you

sign up for a newsletter

Goodbye

Flash

Thank you.