=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: All-In ===
Titel: All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg - Saronic Founders: Autonomous Warships, China's 230X Advantage & Swarms of Robot Ships
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/all-in-with-chamath-jason-sacks-friedberg/saronic-founders-autonomous-warships-chinas-230x-advantage-swarms-of-robot-ships
Datum: 2026-08-07
Länge: ~49k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

welcome back to the all-in interview series.

I am thrilled.

Really thrilled because Serronic is a defense company that has been doing amazing work,

and we are so lucky to have the co-founders here on the program.

Welcome to the program, Dino Mavrucus.

How are you, sir?

Doing well.

Thanks for having us.

And your co-founder here, Vib Altukar.

Let's talk a little bit about Seronic, and we'll get into everything.

But you were in the news.

You were in the news because.

you're making autonomous ships. And one of these was used recently in the Strait of Hormuz,

I understand. As your wealth grows, have you noticed how much more complex things get

between investments, tax strategy, and estate planning? Managing in all is a full-time job that

you didn't ask for. Creative planning can help. Their coordinated team of investment managers,

CPAs, and affiliated estate attorneys can do much of the heavy lifting so you don't have to.

planning where wealth works together.

Go to creative planning.com slash all in.

I got to start there, Dino.

Tell us about the mission.

Tell us what happened.

This is the first time an autonomous ship has ever rescued folks in the field and then we'll get back into your history and everything.

But I think we've got to start off with this story because it's incredible.

It's just a huge story.

I can't get into too many specifics of the operation and the mission for obvious reasons.

But before we get into it.

what it means for the country, what it means for our company.

I mean, without saying the most important thing is that those two pilots came home safely

regardless of how they got there.

Now, what we were able to demonstrate through this partnership with the Navy,

for us, the Navy actually trusted us in this moment.

Lives are on the line.

We're going to send this autonomous platform to go and rescue these folks.

This is not a patrol.

This is not maritime domain awareness.

This is the highest stakes of the highest.

There's downed American pilots in the Straits of Hormuz, and they're like,

Corsair, which you actually see right over my right shoulder, which is our 24-foot, fully

autonomous speedboat for those that don't know.

So we're going to use that to rescue the pilots.

And that's actually a milestone moment for the country.

And I can tell you, I'll tell you a personal story firsthand of kind of what this means.

But you know this.

Leaving people behind in the U.S. military, just it's not a thing.

The U.S. military does not do it, right?

Like, I was in the Navy SEAL teams for 11 years, from 2004 to 2015.

My last five years were on SEAL Team 6.

I personally experienced 2005.

There were four seals trapped on a mountainside in Afghanistan, and the helicopter got shot down while going to rescue them.

So what we were able to prove in this moment was that you can go and rescue people.

without putting additional soldiers in harm's way.

That's the impact of what this had.

That's what it means for the country.

And for our company, it was just an extremely proud moment

where the Navy trusted us in this high-stakes environment.

Absolutely incredible.

And obviously, thank you for your service.

And I know you can't get into too many details,

but I've been reading all about it.

And I got to wonder, when these two pilots,

did they know that this was an autonomous ship?

and the ship comes rolling up and they're like, somebody sent them a message, hey, you can get picked up by the autonomous ship, grab the side of it, climb on board?

Like, what's the protocol for the autonomous ship picking up two folks? Are they swimming out to it?

I just got to get a little color on this before it becomes a movie.

I mean, it's the first time that it happened, right?

And when a ship, when a boat pulls up to you and there's nobody on it, you know, you can very quickly deduce that it's fully, that it's an autonomous boat.

And, you know, these pilots were in the water for, I don't even know how long.

They're in a completely contested environment.

We're in a conflict with Iran.

They're in the Straits before moves, and we can go through the dynamic there.

But they looked at this platform and said, that's my way home.

Right?

That's how I get out of here.

I love it.

All right.

Let's step back a bit here.

You're in AVCL.

Vib, you've worked in this space for a while.

You previously worked at Andro, I understand.

And the mission, as I understand it, for the company is to greatly increase our ability in America

to produce ships.

And for people who don't know, the amount of tonnage, the number of ships that we're able to make

in America and most Western countries is very low.

But there's an adversary in the Pacific who is able to produce a lot of ships.

It's known as the Chinese Communist Party.

So maybe from first principles, you could just explain what you're building and why it's important and just how insane the incompetence of the West in terms of building ships has become.

I mean, we are really bad at making ships right now.

Am I correct?

We're beyond bad.

Let me, I'll take a step back and just kind of highlight where we're at.

And then I'll let Vib go through what we're doing about it, how we're changing that dynamic.

But Jason, what you were saying, right, just to put it in context, the United States can build 100,000 gross tons of ships every year.

Gross ton is this volumetric measure of ships.

So if you build, you know, a 200-foot ship, that's different than an 800-foot ship.

But let's compare apples to apples.

A hundred thousand gross tons.

The Chinese, which you were referencing, can build 23 million gross tons.

So they can outbuild the U.S. 230 to one.

And it wasn't always the case, right?

30 years ago, the Chinese didn't have this capability.

They had 5% of the world shipbuilding capacity.

Today, they have 57% of the world shipbuilding capacity.

And actually, that problem's getting worse because the communist party is just constantly

is like subsidizing the entire industry.

So they're undercutting the commercial market on price.

They're not just subsidizing the direct cost to build.

They're subsidizing raw material and labor costs.

So the ship built in the United States is actually five to six times the cost of that same ship built in China.

And so they keep getting more and more orders.

So that number of 57% is just going up.

How did they get that capability?

Is that because as a manufacturer to the world, they needed to ship out products?

So they did this in a commercial way first?

Or is this always very intentionally we need to own the South Pacific?

It very much revolves around the commercial market.

And then I'll talk about it.

I want to talk about the status of our Navy, like where the naval fleet is today, what that means,

and then where the Chinese Navy is and where that's going.

Because, again, 30 years ago, the Chinese Navy was a littoral backwater Navy.

Today, the nuclear submarines, aircraft carriers, and hypersonic missiles.

So there's a massive, massive change over the last 30 years.

And what's happened in the U.S. shipbuilding industry is completely declined.

So the U.S. Naval Fleet has 296 ships today.

There's a congressional mandate, statutory minimum of 355 ships that was set by Congress in 2018.

That was eight years ago.

Last year, we built nine ships, but we retired 19 naval vessels.

So we're going in the wrong, the completely wrong direction.

The Chinese delivered somewhere in the ballpark of 30 ships.

Their fleet size is around 370.

They'll be at 450 before you know it.

But the commercial market is where that discrepancy lies even larger, right?

They delivered over a thousand commercial ships last year.

The United States built five.

Five.

One, two, three, four, five.

One, two, three, four, five, one hand.

Wow.

So if a conflict actually kicks off, and we saw this in the U.S. in World War II,

where we had the production capacity, where we're building thousands of vessels every year.

If a conflict kicks off, that commercial capacity isn't going to go to building cargo containers

anymore. It's all going to flip to defense capacity, and it's going to be building for what the

Chinese Communist Party needs to win a conflict. And that's what we have to be building towards.

That's what we're doing at Seronic. That's why we're thinking about, okay, how do we build mass?

How do we build scale in whatever it is that we do?

And so how do you do it, Vib, I would think, and listen, I'm a neophyte here, but if these are

autonomous ships, well, you can remove things. Like, you don't need beds. You don't need a commissary

and you don't need latrines.

And I don't know what percentage of a Corsair or a battleship are there to support humans on the ship.

But I got to think half the mass of it is to keep humans on it.

Am I directionally correct?

I think half is a little excessive, but there is a significant percentage of the components,

the cost, the labor that actually goes into catering to human beings on board.

I would say at a high level, you know, you're really reducing the complex.

of the entire product, right?

You don't need to worry about a separate electrical system for humans.

You don't need to worry about, as we mentioned, doors, bathroom, stairs, etc.

And then at the end of the day, you can actually start to end-end, optimize a lot of different

things.

So even if you look at Corsair, for example, if you were to buy a commercial 24-foot boat,

it's unlikely to go 1,000 audible miles.

It's also unlikely to drive and have the control authority of the boat that we've built

here.

Because, again, you don't have to worry about, you know, a person

feeling, you know, taking shock towards in the middle of the oceans. Yeah. And so you can actually

optimize across a bunch of different areas, naval architecture, the speed, range, and payload of

the craft itself. And then again, reduce a lot of the complexity where you're removing

subsystems that are meant for humans. Yeah. And the Corsair, which is my favorite ship,

just based on the name, I believe for my research, this was originally met like a pirate ship

or a privateering ship, but it's, is it now standard lingo that that's a 24-foot boat?

and has a certain profile, do you know?

Is that how these designations come about, the names of these ships?

I mean, I wouldn't say that Corsair is now universal, 24-foot autonomous surface vessel.

It's the name of our product lines, and we chose it very purposefully.

And we chose all our names purposefully.

Even the name of the company, I mean, we were talking about, you know, our Greek heritage

before the show and where that came from.

You know, the Seronic Gulf is a Gulf off the coast of Athens where the Battle of Salamis happened.

It's one of the most famous naval battles in history.

It came after the Battle of Thermopyla or the famous stand of the Spar-300 Spartans.

And it was the naval battle between the Greeks and the Persians where the Greeks were wildly

outmatched.

The Persians had much, much larger ships.

They had a much larger fleet.

And the Greeks were able to lure them into this narrow strait and use smaller, more maneuverable

products to ultimately defeat the Persians.

Now, cost is part of this.

in terms of these ships in the field and the number of ships.

My understanding of our contemporary China is that they don't build a lot of big ships.

They build a lot of ships.

So they've got a lot of smaller and very, very number of ships.

If I'm correct there, then the cost becomes the issue because building a bunch of aircraft

carries, I keep hearing that Supersonics are going to take out all these aircraft carriers

in the first 15 minutes.

Vib, is that true what we hear that, hey, we need.

smaller ships, faster ships, and what is the cost of something like, you know, the Corsair that

you used on this incredible mission? Yeah, I would say, you know, at a high level, the goal is

mass, right? Like large scale, attritable mass. And yeah, if an aircraft carrier takes 10 years to build

and $13 billion, like you're not really achieving that, I think there's always going to be,

like, kind of a role and responsibility for a craft like that. But ultimately, you're right.

If you're big and very obvious to find and you can find you from space, etc., you know, it's a real risk.

When you reduce, you know, the overall costs of like just doing things in the ocean, right?

Like that's ultimately where the autonomous piece comes in.

You can deploy at scale.

You can monitor a larger body of water with less people.

And ultimately, what you're really getting to is removing people from harm's way, right?

So when we think about designing and kind of thinking through the price points of these things,

the comparison to man crafts isn't really necessarily even comparable as you get into larger ships,

right?

For us, it's really a question of like, what is the cost that you would typically have to use humans for

and how much is that actually being reduced by having a large autonomous fleet?

Corsair's a million bucks or something, Dina?

The Corsair costs about a million?

Yeah, I'm going to go back to, we'll get that.

I want to go back to one thing you said.

earlier and it's like China's building both very large ships and a lot of ships.

They're doing it all. Right. And when we think about, okay, how do you actually change the

paradigm for the U.S. Navy? It's let's actually boil it down to unit economics. Let's think about

this like a commercial company. How do you, Viv mentioned like payloads. What are you actually

moving on the ocean? One of the most important metrics is VLS tubes. So vertical launch systems,

It's basically how many big tomahawk missiles can you carry on a ship.

It's how much firepower are you fielding?

So let's use an example of that, right?

A destroyer, naval destroyer costs about $3 billion.

Three billion.

Wow.

And I'm not even getting into the sustainment and maintenance costs over the life cycle of the destroyer.

I'm just talking about what it costs to buy.

If we do that, it's $10 billion over 30, 40 years.

$3 billion, $6 to 8 years to make.

You can field about 96 VLS tubes.

So I'm going to round up.

I'm going to make that 100 for easy math.

So on average, you're fielding somewhere between 10 to 15 VLS tubes per year at a cost of 30 million per tube.

Marauder, I won't give you the exact price or cost, but can reduce that cost by a significant amount.

But we're building 20 marauders for, we're going to be building 20 marauders per year at our shipping.

in Louisiana, right? So now you can field, we can carry the equivalent of 16 VLS tubes on the back of

that 180 foot fully autonomous ship. So now you can field 320 VLS tubes per year as opposed to 15,

and you can do it at a fraction of the cost. This is how you actually save the taxpayers,

hundreds of billions of dollars, and you get more capability into the field faster. I mean,

And that's just extraordinary thinking about it. What do you lose by not having humans on it?

You know, are we going to be faced with a moment in time where these are kind of like drones,

you know, where there's no pilots. They're just pilots in a shipping container dropped somewhere

either, you know, in the middle of America and doing it remote like we've done. Is that the future

of warfare with these ships? And what do you lose when you don't have a team there on the boat?

And what is the criticism valid or invalid that people have of unmanned ships?

Well, I'm going to let Vib talk about the way that we're using software because I think

the criticism to your question is, well, what happens if we're in the middle of the ocean

and the ship breaks down?

Who's going to fix it?

It's not that we don't need this technology.

It's folks that aren't used to technology saying, oh, how's the technology actually going

to work?

And that's what we're proving out every single day.

To your point of what do you lose by not having people on them, look, it all boils down to the mission, right?

And this is why we partner so closely with the Navy.

This is why we work with actual operators.

It's like, what are you using?

What are you delivering?

If the mission is long-range fires, we're packing a bunch of VLS tubes on the back of moronters.

You actually don't lose anything, right?

You're just delivering those capabilities into the field while keeping people out of harm's way.

And that's a very, very important part of the equation.

But if our ships, let's be clear, like, if our boats and ships aren't accomplishing the mission,

then they're not relevant.

They're not going to be used in the first place.

And there is going to be some mix.

I don't know what that mix is.

I don't think anybody really knows what that mix is of man and unmanned ships.

So what you're going to see in the Navy is like a hybrid Navy.

So the things that you're missing from having people on the ships forward deployed decision makers in the environment,

you can actually have out there on man ships,

but you're using unmanned ships

to put into combat areas and conflict areas

to keep those people very safe.

Fibb, take us through the production of these.

How do you achieve speed at it?

You know, a friend of the pot, Elon Musk,

with the Tesla's.

Over time, he eventually built the full stack.

In the beginning, if you had a Tesla,

you would look at the shifter,

and you'd be like, hey, that looks like my Mercedes.

and that's because they had their steering column from Mercedes, one of the early investors.

The HVAC was from somebody else.

But eventually, he had materials coming in one side of the factory, cars coming out the other,

and he made every single thing in that car.

He was no longer dependent on any third-party manufacturers or a supply chain.

And famously, the HVAC, I think, in the Model 3 and Y when it came out, reduced massively the drain on the battery, right?

So it's purpose-built for that mission.

So I'm assuming you're doing that from first principles.

But what's the secret to this rapid production and lower cost production?

Yeah, listen, I think there's, you know, within the shipbuilding industry or large,

there's a bunch of different challenges of why the production isn't as high as it should be.

And one of those core reasons, and the Navy's talked about this extensively,

is investing in the supply chain, right?

When you don't, when you only build five commercial ships a year,

your GEN set manufacturers, the marine engine manufacturers also don't have to produce

at a very high rate.

So one of the things that we get the luxury of doing

by being vertically integrated

is we get to work with these manufacturers directly,

do non-recurring engineering work,

invest in really digitizing a lot of the components

that historically have been very analog, right?

You know, you asked earlier, like,

what do people, what do the people do on the ships?

Like, what are they going to do if the ships are autonomous?

Well, when you think about, you know,

you know, Dina mentioned the life cycle of these ships

for 30 years, you think about a ship that was built 30 years ago,

you know, you have people that are doing extremely

manual things in the engine room that today,

be extremely trivial to automate through software.

And so a lot of that work actually gets completely absorbed by the software stack

and so you don't have to worry about it.

And as we choose components, we invest in the supply chain,

we invest in the rest of the base,

we actually help bring all of these analog components that for a long time were,

you know, meant to be operated by humans.

We give them software APIs,

we make sure that they can be controlled by, you know,

MCP or software sac somewhere else and can be, you know, remotely access and whatnot.

So the complexity is going to go down,

massively when you're building one of these, yeah?

Absolutely, yeah.

And, you know, frankly, I don't think the person

is sitting in the engine room is super thrilled about it anyway.

No, not great.

You're actually changing the, you're democratizing the decision making, right?

Like now there's going to be, you have more mass out in the ocean,

more sailors are going to be making decisions about what that mass is going to be

and where assets are going to be instead of worrying about, you know,

cool into pressure and an engine, right?

And so, you know, when we think about the actual design,

there's a lot of different variables there.

There's some components that are commercial off the shelf, right?

Elon in the early days, from a compute perspective, they had to invest in A6, right?

The compute stack wasn't there to run, you know, large models and run inference at the speeds and power budgets that they wanted to.

In 2026, it's a totally different game, right?

And so there's a lot of different parts of the supply chain that, you know, sometimes we're looking at, you know, investing in the industrial base and making sure that, you know, our engine manufacturers and Gentet manufacturers are keeping up.

On the other side, there's particular components that were like, hey, the marine industry actually hasn't had this level of investment in a long time.

So we're going to have to build this in-house.

A couple of examples around that are related to a lot of electronics related to the sensors and compute.

But a bunch of different things there that help us build and assemble quickly.

Starting business usually means juggling a bunch of different services just to look legit.

Not anymore.

With Northwest registered agent, you get a complete.

complete business identity all in one place, a business address, domain, website, phone number,

and more with privacy protection built in from day one. Don't spend hundreds or thousands on services

you can get from Northwest for free. Visit Northwest Registeredagent.com slash all in free and start

using free resources to build your business today. Let's talk a little bit about Adino on the

business side, how you work with the Department of War, formerly known as the Department of Defense,

Emil Michaels and a bunch of the folks over there are really focused on getting startups,

essentially, like you are, more contracts. But you also are moving out, I assume, of this cost

plus world, and you're just figuring out, hey, what's the right price for this? And take us

inside that paradigm shift. You have these primes, and then you have these upstarts.

And it seems like, based on history, the incumbents sometimes don't take this lying down.

So take us inside the paradigm shift from cost plus to what these, I guess they call the new primes like yourself and Andrewl are doing.

Yep.

And I'll just define class plus service listening basically means, hey, we're going to go build you something, Mr. Government.

And however long that takes, however much it costs, you're just going to pay us 10 to 15% on top.

of that. So I'm actually incentivized, and I'm not saying there's malicious intent, but I'm

incentivized to make it take longer and cost more, because if it costs $100 million, well, then I only

make $15 million. But if it costs a billion dollars, then as a company, I make $150 million.

So there's this perverse incentive to drive up cost. Now, that's not the only reason the industry

is where it is today, but we're very encouraged by the push from the administration.

administration to adopt things at speed and scale and to do that quickly and to do that differently

and to move away from cost plus. You hit it. We invest our own capital. Today, we're just about

four years old. We've raised $2.5 billion in private capital. We're pouring that into R&D.

I remember when we decided to build Marauder, again, 180 foot ship, Viv and I were talking

and it's like, who's crazy enough to go and build a ship on IRA?

And it's like, well, we are because that's what the country needs.

That's what it demands.

That's what we're going to go do.

And our investors are giving us the capital to go do it.

They're actually entrusting us with that capital.

That's the reverse of what's happening in the large primes where their investors are

kind of demanding share buybacks.

They're saying, give us our capital back.

So the country very much needs us to build for needs companies like,

us to build for the future. And when you look at what the administration is doing, even just in shipbuilding,

just recognizing that shipbuilding is a critical strategic industry, right? The president, one of the

first things he did was put out the maritime executive order that was followed with the maritime

action plan, right? There's Ships Act sitting in Congress. You had the Secretary of War give a whole

speech on defense acquisition reform, talking about how we're going to push the department to be better,

to move faster, to work with companies like us that are building on firm fixed price contracts

that are focused on delivering at speed and scale and driving down cost for the taxpayer.

So all of that is extremely encouraging.

But I also want to be clear here on the flip side, we're in the early days, Jason,

like very early days.

When you look at the overall Defense Department of War's budget,

1%

1%

goes to autonomous systems

that's not nearly enough

make that 5% make that

I don't know the right mix

but it needs to go up and it needs to go up quickly

I'll just add one more thing that

historically

shipbuilding the design

is bifurcated from the builder

right so someone gets paid to do to design

and the ground up general assembly and all that

and gets handed off to a totally different person

to go to build a ship

and I think there's a statistic out there that's like 70% of sequence critical components on

on some Navy ships are sole source suppliers like single source suppliers.

And so to Dino's point, it's not just that you're incentivized to take longer,

it's that you're not incentivized to change that necessarily because you know that you're still

going to get paid.

Whereas like from our perspective, when you own the design, you own the shipyard, you know,

software engineers, shipbuilders, naval architects and welders can all sit down and eat lunch

together in the yard.

there's end-to-end optimizations that you get that, you know, the system from a, from a historical perspective, just wasn't set up the game.

Yeah, let's do a little look at what happened in the Strait of Hormuz.

We weren't able to control it completely.

Doesn't seem like anybody in history has been able to control it.

If we were to fast forward and you had your entire fleet, you had, let's assume, not unlimited, but massive capacity, how,

Would you be able to secure something like the Strait of Hormuz with these autonomous vehicles?

What might that look like?

Take us into a scenario five years from now.

What would it take?

That's the type of scenario that we're building for.

I think before talking about the scenario, let's talk about the Strait of Hormuz itself, right?

The environment, the part of the world.

Like, what neighborhood is it in?

It connects.

So you have the Persian Gulf, which is 200 miles wide, which narrows down to a 20-mile-wide.

strip, which is the Strait of Hormuz, and then it connects to the Indian Ocean and connects these

large oil-producing countries to global markets. On the one side of the Persian Gulf, you have,

you know, Iraq, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, and Oman. And on the other side of the Persian

Gulf, the north side is all controlled by Iran. So now Iran is saying, well, how are we going to disrupt

traffic in the Strait of Hormuz? Well, it's only a 20-mile-wide stretch.

I can use missiles, I can use fast attack vessels, I can use naval mines, I can use cheap drones,

because I don't have a large distance to cover. I can launch these things anywhere from shore.

So it becomes this completely chaotic environment that sending in naval destroyers into

or trying to get commercial ships pass becomes extremely dangerous.

So using large numbers of autonomous vessels, you can combat these threats in completely different ways.

You can offer scale, persistence, and risk reduction in ways that, you know,

man vessels just can't. And again, we won't get into too many of the specifics on the types of

operations that we're building towards, but autonomy is a way to counter these effects,

these effects that are over well, like, really aren't meant to be countered by traditional

man ships alone. We can counter that with scale and technology and keep people out of harm's way.

Well, you have some small ships. Yeah, you got the cutlass and you got the spyglass in

this build out, those are six foot, 15 foot or whatever.

We actually started with those, and I'll give you an interesting story.

We actually don't build those.

We haven't productized those.

Those were great subscale demonstrators, but our real flagship product is Corsair.

And when you talk about, again, the scenario in the Strait of Hormuz and what type of volume

can we bring there?

It's not only five years in the future.

We can build 2,000 Coursera per year right now at our manual.

manufacturing facility in Austin. So I know you live in Austin. We'd love to show you around.

When you see it, when you see it, it actually comes to life. You're like, oh, wait, you can actually

build thousands of these vessels every single year. How many would you need? A thousand, five thousand in the

straight of hormones? I don't think it's a 20 mile wide straight. So you're just going to, and they,

this is their offensive strategy. They have these speedboats that they use. I don't know what they're

called, but they call them fast attack vessels. Fast attack vessels. These guys,

essentially are kamikaze, right? They just zip in, you know, no regard for safety in their life,

et cetera, and they will attack. They're using fast attack vessels. They're using cheap drones.

So you have to be able to have counter-UAS capabilities. They're using mines. They're just

floating minds into the straight without regard for what those minds may set off. So it's a really

complicated environment that you need to bring a lot of capabilities towards.

Yeah, but it sounds like Vib, with artificial intelligence, which is the next card that I think is going to turn over, you put these corsairs out there. Could they with AI be able to be using satellite data from planet or whoever is providing it or military satellites and just zip out there and no, say somebody's putting out some minds, hey, somebody's putting out some of these fast attack vehicles, just intercept them. And now they have an actual cost to human life and a limited amount.

amount of resources and hey, we're America and we have you guys building ships at scale.

They don't have this ability to build AI-based ships.

So talk about what AI on these ships could do eventually.

Yeah.

So I would say today, you know, there's a bunch of different, you know, machine learning applications

that run on our boat today.

There's heavy amounts of compute on all of our crafts that allows people to have tons

of capability, whether it's, you know, the navigation and kind of the autopilot or self-driving

of the craft itself or compute

for payloads, whether that's Canter UAS, as

Dino mentioned, or a bunch of other things

really. There's a variety of different mission sets.

The end state here

is that you have a distributed

fleet across the ocean

that, you know, in variable, like,

the ocean is a tumultuous place

by default. Without war zone, like the ocean's still

bad. You know, saltwater

against your antennas, you lose comms.

So there's a bunch of different communications

on this. There's a bunch of different sensors.

All of those things kind of part

network together with ML, with a bunch of different software components of the software staff,

to make sure that you can basically translate intent from a commander or a sailor and then

result in a mission outcome. Let's talk to you know a little bit about the adversary China,

and they have started to put weapons on robots. I'm assuming that they're doing the same,

if they're willing to put it on one of those dog robots, like the spot robots. They're putting

weapons on them, they're demonstrating it. And whatever they're demonstrating, they've already

got in production. Let's just call it what it is. And they're not signing some UN treaty

to not put autonomous and AI weapons. This is a different type of adversary. And I'm sure North

Korea and other bad guys are doing similar things. We have, I believe, treaties where we're not

allowed to put weapons and use AI-based weapons. Am I correct about that in the West here?

There is an autonomous weapon system standard called 3009 that basically outlines exactly how AI can be used on an autonomous system.

Tell us all about that.

Because this is the robocop scenario.

This is the robotic soldier or the robotic boat that's able to engage the enemy without a human, if it loses comms, or to do a kamikaze mission, which seems like something we might have to do.

These are things we might have to do, Dino, versus the Chinese, because they're not signing the

these treaties, they are not thinking ethically, they are not respecting the declaration of human

rights. They've got their own playbook, yeah.

And I think the important thing to articulate here is especially when you use the kind of

rogocop example and just to kind of quell people's fears a little bit is even in that example

where we're sending boats off the off of Taiwan and we're in the Taiwan straight and they're

engaging, we're still using artificial intelligence to bifurcate between.

an enemy vessel and a friendly vessel between a non-combatant and a combatant. And people are still

making the decisions and setting the mission intent. It's just government policy that's setting,

okay, when are you authorized to engage versus not? Artificial intelligence actually just gives

the military the opportunity to, one, operate at a greater scale and then operate more efficiently.

These aren't robots actually just making decisions on when to go to war or not.

Got it. So it says, hey, this is a bad guy.

Hey, our recommendation is to neutralize it.

And then a human has to say, okay, neutralize it.

But if you're up against an adversary who says, hey, no, no, we built this thing.

Anybody comes in to the blockade in Taiwan, which, you know, we think is, you know, a pretty

significant non-zero probability in our lifetime.

If you're up against somebody who says, I'm just going to have these ships kill anything

that's not our ship, period, full stop.

then we lose, don't we?

No, because the technologies, all you're doing is putting policy thresholds and approval

thresholds into the technology.

There's a real world scenario where doomsday scenario, we go to World War III, the Taiwan

Strait is a complete conflict, exactly what you said.

Our commanders are going to make that same judgment.

And they're like, hey, if any of it, there's no fishing boats out here right now.

Yeah.

There's no cruise ships coming through the Taiwan Strait.

If you're not a friendly vessel, you're an enemy vessel.

And that's that.

And our technologies actually enables that what we were talking about earlier is like the autonomy,

the artificial intelligence and everything else is there.

And you're building the policies into the software based on government procedures and when

those authorizations need to be in place.

Those authorizations will change based on the threat environment that we're in.

Is the plan for you to sell to our allies?

And what are the rules there? Because it sounds like we need as many ships for our Navy as we can get.

But if you can get up to capacity, then, hey, the French, the Germans, and the English have essentially just stop making ships, right?

And they have very deprecated militaries.

My understanding is the only people who are really doing a great job at this are the folks in South Korea, which I believe are building but one ship for us.

So maybe you could talk about the other top countries in the world, democracies and our allies.

what their capability is, and then your ability to help arm them and sell to them.

I mean, very, very focused on our allies and partners.

If you talk to the Department of War, if you talk to the United States Navy,

they actually want our allies and partners to have these capabilities as well.

This is going to be a combined effort, right?

We mentioned earlier that China has 57% of the world's shipbuilding capacity.

That's not limited to just that one industry.

We could go industry by industry and talk about their manufacturing might,

their manufacturing dominance.

So you really do need a combined effort.

You need our allies and partners to have this technology.

We're talking to our allies in Asia, obviously, in Europe and in the Middle East right now

about getting not only our products there, but also how do we stand up domestic production

in those countries?

How do we give them the sovereign capability?

How do we have production lines overseas so that they're already forward deployed if we get

into a conflict in the first place?

Pretty amazing stuff. And you have an announcement today, I understand, that we're going to share with the all-in audience for the first time.

That's right. So we've been working on Port Alpha for a long time now. So Port Alpha, just for the listeners, is our shipyard of the future. This is going to bring American shipbuilding back to a place that we haven't seen since World War II. To be clear, we're already operating a shipyard. We have a shipyard in Franklin, Louisiana. That's where we're building marauder. We're ramping that up to 20 marauder. We can bring that up to 50 marauders per year every single year. And that is a

100-acre shipyard. What we're doing at Port Alpha is 10xing that. We're looking at a shipyard that is

well over a thousand acres. We've been doing this search for over a year now on what is the ideal

location for this shipyard. Where are we going to find the right partner, the right land,

the right workforce, the right community to be a part of? And we're proud to announce that we found

that in Brownsville, Texas. So we're headquartered in Austin. We're going to be basing Port

Alpha in Brownsville, we're going to start on a 800-acre plot of land, which in and of itself,

800 acres is now the largest shipyard in the United States.

Amazing.

Just to give you a sense of scale.

We have the opportunity over time to scale that to 4,000 acres.

We're going to invest billions of dollars into this project.

We're going to create 10,000 jobs over the next 10 years.

And we're going to bring shipbuilding in this country back again to a place that we haven't seen

since World War II. And we're just grateful for the partnership from the state, from Governor Abbott,

from Cameron County, and then the city and the port of Brownsville for making this happen.

I mean, this is one of the great things, Vib, about being based in Texas. They let us build

things in Texas. Yeah, as a recent resident here, it's pretty amazing to live in a state

where the state's like, what do you want to build? How can we help? As opposed to, hey, you know,

F off, like they told Elon in California. And he got the message received.

received reply to that lunatic.

So maybe you could talk a little bit about

operating Vib in Texas

and the crazy support you get from

Abbott and everybody.

One of the questions that we used to get

back in the day was, you guys are

a maritime company, there's no water in Austin.

What are you guys doing that?

And I would say like, you know, Austin has this like

magical kind of

nexus of both digital and physical

labor forces. Like you can find

software talent, you can find AI talent,

you can find designers. But you can

also tap into the industrial base from San Antonio, from the oil and gas industry in Houston.

And when you marry those two together, you can actually start to co-design these things

across the entire stack, right? I mentioned earlier, like typically ship design and ship bill

is totally independent. But with Port Alpha, we get the luxury of greenfield designing

what the manufacturing plant for ships should look like. And so you can design that,

you can optimize the design as ship for the yard and the design of the yard for the ship. And it's very

similar to kind of like, you know, how

companies today, like do hardware software

co-design on chips, right? You design a compiler

and they stick together to optimize both for

the other. And we have

the luxury of being able to do that for ships

here, and I can't think of a better

place to do it than Texas. Well,

and Starbase is right down

the block. SpaceX, obviously,

Neon's made that work. And I think it's

like a four, what, maybe four, five, six-hour

drive down to the coast, yeah?

So you guys can either zip there on a PJ

or you can just drive. So it's

It's pretty straightforward.

It's pretty straightforward.

It's easy for logistics.

What SpaceX has done in Brownsville is incredible.

I think what Brownsville has done for SpaceX and helping them build out, build the community

down there.

We were very impressed, very, very excited to be basing Port Alpha there.

And look, at the end of the day, it's the people that are going to make this work.

It's the labor force.

It's the workforce.

Vib mentioned it earlier.

And we can talk about, you know, why the American shipbuilding industry

has declined so much, but it's the supply chain and the workforce that has suffered the most.

And so, like, one of the things we focus on is really, how do we rebuild that workforce?

How do we upskill existing talent to advanced manufacturing?

How do we take somebody that's building a car at Ford and get them building ships very,

very efficiently, very quickly, right?

And that actually all starts with the design.

If you design a ship from the ground up from a first principles approach to be more

simplistic to be designed and manufactured at scale.

Then you can put in the training, the work instruction,

the processes, and everything else where,

hey, let's go make this much faster.

Let's train, let's build the workforce.

And then, let's be honest, like,

you have to make it cool for young people to go work in a shipyard again.

You have to pay them good wages.

Like, every one of our employees, every welder, every pipe fitter,

they have good wages, the same benefits as our Silicon Valley software.

engineers. They have equity in our company. They're fired up. I mentioned our shipyard in Louisiana.

People are fired up down there. And it's not just the workforce. It's the community.

Some of the stories I hear when I'm down there is so encouraging. People are like, I'm wearing

my hat in the grocery store. And people are coming up to me saying, you guys are kicking

butt keep building ships. Because nobody else in the country is doing what we're doing.

And these are great salaries.

People are getting paid significant amounts of money, obviously, to work in manufacturing

at your company down at Starbase.

And now you have these two incredible companies.

I don't know if there's any other ones in Brownsville.

This is a small community.

There's only like 200,000 people down there.

This is going to be an incredible boomtown.

Oh, it's going to be incredible.

It's going to be incredible.

It's going to be absolutely incredible.

And I mentioned earlier, like, the cost of building ships in the United States.

And the United States just isn't competitive.

the commercial market and again, we can go through the specifics and what happened over time,

five to six times the cost of building a ship in China.

We think just by investing in product and processes and new shipyards, we can cut the cost

of a ship in the United States in half.

So if you have a ship that costs $300 million, we can get that under $150 million.

And that's not by simply just paying people less.

We're paying people more, but we're investing in our product.

We're investing in the process.

We're designing the product to be built that way in the first place.

So we're making the investments that are needed for long-term sustainability and to rebuild the workforce.

All right.

If people want to come work with you, Vib, how can they apply their career page and what are you looking for?

What talent do you need to come do this incredibly patriotic duty and go work at Serronic?

Yeah, I mean, serenic.com, we have a careers page.

You can reach out on Twitter, LinkedIn, whatever you want.

We're hiring pretty aggressively right now.

I would say that the biggest thing, you know, we look for, generally speaking,

is, you know, especially in 2026 when, you know, chat GPT and Claude are getting so much better every year.

It's pretty important right now to be fairly, you know, neuroplastic, you know, be ready to adapt for what the future looks like.

Computing is changing.

You know, there's going to be agents that can help you on the,

manufacturing floor to assemble faster if you have an issue.

There's all these digital systems that are kind of changing the paradigm here.

I mean, when we first got to Gulfcraft down in Louisiana, a lot of the processes were

pretty much pen and paper, right?

And that's pretty common across most shipyards.

So like kind of bringing that into the 21st century really quickly, I mean, it's just

going to require people to be thoughtful, adapt to the future, and really be passionate and

excited and about kind of building the future.

Yeah, go to the website, S-A-R-O-N-I-C-com, join the mission.

There's 300 jobs listed on the website.

There's something there for everybody.

And listen, just as a fellow Greek, Dino, we were obviously the cradle of innovation

or science, math, technology, art, and everything happened.

But we were also the great warriors.

And we patrolled the sea, obviously Greece has a lot of coastlines.

So you're doing our Greek brothers and sisters.

An Ancestors Proud.

Greek has a lot of coastline and they're actually big in the shipping industry.

They are big, yeah.

So now I hear more often than not now.

Oh, it's good to see a Greek in building ships.

You know what?

I can sleep now at night.

I was very worried about the Strait of Hormuz.

I was worried about the Pacific Theater in the South China Sea.

Dino, now that I know that I know that my Greek brother is on top of this, my head's going to hit the pillow.

I'm going to sleep like a baby tonight.

I know you got us covered.

Thanks so much, guys.

And sincerely, on behalf of all Americans, like, thank you for doing this work.

You know, this is something where we really need technologists and entrepreneurs to really

help us innovate because we're falling behind and we're the good guys in this.

We're the ones who are spreading democracy and freedom and protecting that.

The only thing in the world that isn't trending in the right direction, man, if you look at

lifespans, if you look at, you know, infant mortality, if you look at people's standard

of living, everything is trending in the world in the right direction, except the spread of democracy,

which has been on the decline in our lifetime. Let that sink in, folks. More people living under

authoritarian than democracies. It's a modest amount, but you've seen the statistics, I'm sure,

Vib and Dino. And we need to have a great military. We need to have this advanced technology

if we're going to maintain the number of people living under a democracy and freedom and hopefully

increase it. A lot of bad guys out there.

there. And, you know, just thank you so much for doing this work. That's right. Well, thank you for

having us. And I will end on a positive note where we're seeing that starting to turn around

in a really big way. It's not just Serronic. You mentioned Anderol. There's SpaceX and Palantir

before that. And now there's just a big wave, a big push into defense tech, because people

realize the importance and the magnitude of the moment that we are living in right now. I tell

our team, I'm like, this is our generation's version of.

the space race, make no mistake about it, and we cannot lose. So that's how hard we're working

at Seronic. That's how we're working with a sense of urgency. And there's a lot of other companies

coming into the space that are working with that same sense of urgency. So I am very optimistic.

I know this country can do it. When we put our minds and we get a collective effort behind something,

nobody can beat us. Nobody can, yeah, nobody can beat us. And listen, if you were thinking of going,

Listen, there's no dig to anybody, but if you're thinking about going and optimizing an ad network

at some big tech company, like, it's incredibly boring and it's incredibly meaningful.

You'll get 20, 30 years into your career and you'll say, what did I do?

Go work at Serronic.

You'll get a couple of years into your career and you'll say, I'm doing important work.

That's right.

That's right.

Every person that walks through the door every single day is quite literally changing the world

and we remind them and then they know it.

Yeah.

All right, Vib.

Dino, thank you so much for coming on.

And we'll see you next time on the.

all in interview.