=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Cursor Acquisition Closes, Bezos x Liverpool, Flying Roadster, Car Week, Gen Z Trends & More
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/cursor-acquisition-closes-bezos-x-liverpool-flying-roadster-car-week-gen-z-trends-more
Datum: 2026-08-17
Länge: ~99k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TBPN Ultradome, the Temple of Technology,

the Fortress of Finance, the Capital, Capital.

Oh.

We got...

That's our...

That's our Zuber intern.

He's headed back to school.

Time is money.

Say both.

He's used corporate cards, bill pay accounting and a whole lot more.

All in one place.

Uh...

we got to we got to play the see you again goodbye like he passed away this is the this is the

saying goodbye to our intern mann macon yeah we need an AI video of me and him in uh sports cars driving

along the Pacific coast highway and then we reach a fork in the road and he goes off to

canada and jordy goes to malibu or something but uh every time this song this song hits it's a good one

It's a good one. Anyway, we're very, very sad to say goodbye.

End of an era, but the story's not over.

The weather, man, Ben, Macklin, one of the greatest to ever do it. Yeah, the story's

not over. Anyway, there are a ton of stories that are not over. We're going to take you through

a bunch of them. First is that we received a Renaissance painting in the mail from a company

called Gamet. They posted a video. We can play their little clip of how they put this together.

Very funny, go-to-market strategy. It got our attention. We opened it up. I'm like, what is this

huge box that's addressed to us. Turns out it's an AI image of me and Jordie dressed as

Renaissance medieval nights or something, banging a gong, got the horse in there, got a bunch of

different stuff. I would go Ben Macklin stand up over this, but it's a close second. It's a close second.

Very disrespectful to Ben McClain's pop up. He's gone. He's gone. Anyway, can we play the video

of the we asked gamut agents

to make Renaissance portraits of 130

startup founders, found the founder,

source their photos, ordered the

paintings, found their offices, map the delivery

route. Very cool workflow

for go-to-market for

attention. And

funny, they're having, they're dressed up

in costumes, they're having fun

filming this. I feel like

we are entering a new

era of startup launch video.

The vibe real meta is

dead, and this

This is unique and the next one we're going to show you is unique too, in my opinion.

Now, there are some drawbacks with this.

You know, it will lose its luster if everyone in the world receives a Renaissance painting.

It'll be a little bit, it'll get stale for Hagarwalf.

I love it.

But this is great.

I think this is so fun.

And this goes back to Sam Blonde when he was.

Was it Brex or he was working with Parker Conrad at Zenefits or something like that?

He said that he was in the go-to-market role.

He was trying to get on the phone with companies and sell them either corporate cards or HR services at the time.

I forget which company he was with.

But he would send a box of champagne, a bottle of champagne very nicely.

And he said that the return, the uptake on, yeah, I'll hop on the phone with Sam Blonde.

People are saying he invented corporate gifting.

Basically.

I mean, he's sort of the one that pushed it another notch up.

Obviously, corporate gifting goes back decades, but preemptive.

Preemptive corporate gifting.

And I think he systematized it a little bit more than most people do.

And Gamut seems to have built an agent that allows you to do just that.

So congrats to the team over there on the product.

Yeah, a fascinating piece of AI slops.

But when you put it, when you bring it into the physical one,

world, it transcends. It becomes something more than slop. I want your review on this coinage

that I heard from my co-founder of Lucy. When AI slop is good, it's AI slap, because it slaps.

Specifically with regard to Suno songs. Yeah, I like that. You're like, yeah, not quite there.

But anyway, I want the production team to tell me if this video, which is not AI Slop slaps,

because it is an adaptation of obsession from Jerry Zhang over at Lemma, Y-C-F-25.

What does F stand for?

Fall.

Fall 25.

Oh, because they do quarterly now.

Anyway, let's play this.

Hit that Fah.

Yeah.

F!

F!

I wonder we got about the C-N-Nance.

Can we not talk about that right now?

Okay.

Sorry, Ed.

It's the second time they texting me that.

I'll be right back.

What is it, dude?

I'm busy.

Okay, so...

What is it?

I looked into your out-of-office emails,

and she sent out replies to all 30,000 emails here in office.

Now, you haven't seen obsession.

I told her to only reply to emails when I'm out of the office.

But the production team has?

Look, you know it's my job to service these kinds of failures for you.

And it may some...

Yeah, I think that's in the same restaurant, too.

It looks very similar.

It's either a lack of guardrails or...

Yeah, same location.

Or, I don't know, man.

I'm going to pull the traces and look into it for you.

They nailed the production.

Like the lighting, cinematography, identical.

I don't think I could function without your prompts.

Calling tools on my behalf without any human oversight?

Yes, without any human oversight.

Nika?

Yeah.

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agent to deploy web app servers databases and more while railway automatically takes scale of scaling, monitoring, and security.

It definitely has the pacing of a Hollywood film.

Maybe we need to go back to the five real era.

What's the product?

It basically monitors agents made by other companies.

Jerry says agents are taking on real economic work.

His runs get longer.

Mistakes become expensive at best, catastrophic at worst.

Today, teams find out from user complaints or never.

Monitoring tools only catch what you talk.

told them to watch for.

So you set up the judges.

You trace the issues yourself, but agents will always fail in ways you didn't predict.

That's why we built Lema.

Lema understands what your agent is supposed to do.

So it surfaces failures.

You never defined automatically.

So Lema sits there, watches everything that goes on.

Oh, there's something that seems really odd because it's basically taking the whole context

of everything that's happening in the organization and saying, okay, well, you just sent out

100,000 emails.

Like, was that the right thing?

You should probably flag this.

This seems like an uptake in like you would see.

If you start seeing an insane amount of traffic on a specific product detail page on your e-commerce site, it might be that, oh, something's, or a coupon code.

It might be that something's going viral on this particular skew.

Maybe you need to buy more inventory.

In the best case, maybe you're being spammed or scammed in some way.

Or maybe you accidentally priced your product at one cent instead of $1 or $100.

So people are buying it.

And you need to fix that.

This will do that across the entire organization.

in the theory. Production team, what do you think about the, the, the obsession knockoff as

startup launch video? I thought it was pretty good. Rave review. It looks like the movie. Mike,

Mike disagreed. Oh, Mike disagreed. Shot fired. Wrong lens? What we got? I don't know. Take some

shot. He said colors off. Oh, the colors off. Okay. Okay. Well, the experts have waited.

So, anyway, it certainly broke for a new meta of, of startups.

just recreating iconic movie scenes to promote their products.

Yeah.

But I don't know.

Like if you're growing human tissue, you recreate Michael, Michael Bay is the island to show.

Just recreate the dystopian scenario that you're creating.

And then be like, it's exactly like that.

No, there is something to that where obsession is a horror film.

It's very scary.

And so the enemy of the product is shown.

Like the lemma is the guy on the phone.

In obsession, basically there's this curse and the woman becomes obsessed with the man.

And the guy's friend calls him and says like, hey, your girlfriend is acting very, very weird.

Something's going on.

You need to break up with her.

You need to rethink this.

And so Lemma is the friend in this scenario.

But it is a horror shot after all.

So it does leave.

And the woman is the agent.

The woman is the agent.

Yeah, the agent that has gone off the rails.

And so there is a little bit of like you leave with the field.

of a horror film, which is so just on a generic brand experience side, I'm like,

ugh, but that's kind of the emotion that they wanted to deliver, right?

It was like an agent, an agent doing something really bad in your organization.

So not an unreasonable scenario.

Anyway, there's a, there's debate between Corgi and Shield Monot on the Corgi becoming

an issuer of the ETF business.

Shield says wild that Corgi, the insurer, is in the ETF business.

ETFs are mostly distribution plus branding.

So if you can manufacture them cheaply, I get launching a ton and seeing what sticks,

and they really are spraying.

Here are some of them.

Coffee energy drinks, ETF, New York City companies, ETF, beauty ETF, BNPL,

ETF.

They have a gambling ETF, a surveillance ETF, a U.S. war machine ETF and lifestyle brands.

They combined for $25,000 in gross fees.

but they have a hit semiconductor photonics.

It's 506 million of the 914 million Corgi AUM and generates $1.8 million a year in gross fees.

That feels like really big scaling very quickly for a company that's as young as Corgi.

So it seems like the product is working at this point.

I don't know.

People were going back and forth on like, is this a pivot?

We thought they were an insurance company.

Now they're an ETF company.

but I don't know, did you dig into any more of this story?

Because Nico from Corgi did fire back.

Nico fires back.

He says, you should never work with VCs who devote their time to dunking on startups on X.

Taking money from Shield's fund is a hugely negative symbol for the startups who do that for this reason.

He is bad for the ecosystem and this is, his behavior is a pattern of his.

Was Shield dunking?

It felt like he was saying just.

I don't think he was dunking.

Of course.

I mean, I think that Sheal has probably posted about Corgi.

I mean, just like this stupid fund is one of the most lucrative for Corgi.

Okay.

Yeah.

I think Sheal has probably made other comments about Corgi historically.

And so.

Shots fired.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Well, they're, I don't, I don't.

I think Sheal is just genuinely very curious.

Yeah.

And Nico, I don't think, likes the, um, likes the attention.

Yeah.

The critique.

So, Sheel said, I'm not sure why you are.

so defensive. I literally said the same thing as you. In my opinion, launching a bunch of

ETFs cheaply and seeing what sticks is a reasonable strategy if your costs are near zero.

And NICO says, no, it's a pattern of behavior. And rather than your own statements,

you try to hide behind being imprecise or vague with your language, selectively pointing out a bunch

of new ETFs without traction yet and pointing out FDRX, lower AUM, while ignoring our

unleashed version FDRS, which has 90 million of AUM, shows this is another.

dishonest, selectively vague post against us like your previous comments regarding our underwriting.

So they're going back and forth.

And there's a whole timeline's been in turmoil over Corgi for a while.

They do the cafes.

They get a lot of attention.

But in general, it does seem like they've broken through.

And it feels like there is a real product.

And insurance is a product that can actually grow.

And it's much less.

Yeah.

And insurance and ETS are pretty much all come down to marketing and distribution.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah. But yeah, but yeah, very, feel like very different businesses to be in. And so I wonder what, I wonder what the thinking is. And I mean, for most business insurance, you can get, you can get in trouble if you are, if you have a lot of correlation across the portfolio of insurance policies and you're loaning to an industry that will face like a secular downtrend at the same time, like mortgage reinsurance, for example, was the big example during the financial crisis.

But if you're writing a like a directors and officers insurance to a startup, it's hard to imagine a situation where there's a massive drawdown across the entire portfolio all simultaneously, at least, in my mind.

But I don't know.

I don't know because it's not like they're insuring against like startup, like the market weakening and startups going bankrupt.

Like if a startup goes bankrupt, they do stop paying their premiums, obviously.

but it's not like there's a like an insurance broker has to pay out a settlement.

That's a different thing.

It would be, the difference would be if you're doing a ton of cybersecurity insurance, a ton of cybersecurity insurance,

and then all of a sudden there's way more cybersecurity attacks,

which honestly in the AI era, maybe that happens.

Maybe there are more cybersecurity incidents.

There was the Trezer incident recently, and it does feel like there's an uptick of that.

Obviously, the AI models are more capable of whatever.

There's open source models.

And so you could see more risk or just different underwriting of cybersecurity policies in the modern era.

Martin Screlli says, I stand with Corgi.

And Niko says, thanks, Martin.

Fun fact, when I was in high school, my friends and I wrote you letters when you were locked up sending letters to prison.

You had a huge impact to a generation of young entrepreneurs.

And it looks like Elizabeth Holmes also replied.

It is amazing to see how many young, hungry founders write, I guess, write letters.

I've never written anyone a letter who's been in prison.

I also just never written a letter at all.

But, I mean, I don't know.

I send text messages and emails.

I don't really write letters.

But there was one person in prison that I wanted to.

Yeah, my memory of processing Schrelli's.

whole pharma bro saga

during that time

which I thought he seemed pretty entertaining

definitely a rascal

and the actual

underlying elements of the case were

sort of outside of the tech world because it was

like a hedge fund issue

and an accounting issue

I was interested in getting to the bottom

of the Elizabeth home story

but mostly mechanically like how can you

post on Twitter while you're in prison

that feels like the first right that they

would take away otherwise

if you can post on Twitter, like, what's the punishment?

We're not really punishing people.

No, like lock me up.

Just don't take away my account.

I got to scroll.

But it does seem like there was an intermediary there, and that was discovered pretty

quickly, and that was transparent, and there's a flow of emails that go back and forth.

And so there was a delay.

But it was an interesting discussion, nevertheless.

But not necessary.

There was also that very weird Tucker Carlson interview with SBF.

You remember that?

where like he was able to do a like sort of a podcast interview like over the phone.

And I think that that is not okay within that particular system.

I think I think SBF got in trouble with that.

But even then, SBF has been trickling out tweets for the last few couple of years,

mostly taking victory laps on his on his startup portfolio and his investment strategy.

He of course was an investor in Anthropic and is up like a billion dollars on that trade.

Although the position was sold, I think.

So it's more of like a fantasy full.

football portfolio at this point.

Critical infrastructure for the AI era.

Unlocked seamless real-time experiences a new value with Cisco.

Speaking of Anthropic, there is an article in the journal.

The information has been reporting on even Claude is in the dark about Dario Amade's wife

and her influence at Anthropic.

Cammy Clark, who started what she called a revolutionary porn company where she sought investment

from Jeffrey Epstein, keeps a low profile, but is a key advisor to the AI chief.

it's coming IPO could top trillions. And so this is, so his wife has, the actual lineage here was

Dario mentioned that he was married, I believe, to, to, on a Bloomberg podcast, I believe.

That was recently.

The circuit, I think. That was recently. But there was never public who this person was.

And then I believe Corey Weinberg over at the information included Cammy Clark's name in a Dario profile that he published last week.

And people were sort of like, oh, this is new information.

We haven't seen this.

And of course, there's all the debates over.

Is this necessary?

Is this like in the public interest?

At what level of power does it make sense to report on someone's life?

Obviously, a lot of people are like, yeah, keep my name out your mouth.

But don't just don't report on my personal life.

We can talk about my business, but my personal life is just annoying because now you need more security.

Now you need more, all sorts of different things that can come up from these things.

But lots of people are debating this on the timeline.

Like, is anthropic systemically important at this point?

Is it such an important company that it does merit this?

And certainly it met the editorial criteria for the Wall Street Journal and the information who take this stuff pretty seriously.

So Clark doesn't work at Anthropic, but she is often seen sitting front row while Dario Amade talks at events such as Davos or can be found chatting up investors at gatherings like Allen and Company conference in Sun Valley.

She acts as a sounding board and strategic advisor for Amade according to people close to the company.

She also brought Anthropic a key early investor, former Google CEO Eric Schmidt, whom she had dated as it was getting off the ground at early 2021.

Some of the people said.

despite her influence, there are scant details about Clark online.

There's one YouTube video of her pitching an earlier startup that's still up.

She's on stage for about five or ten minutes and sort of gives a, it's like a health company that she pitches.

And it's a pretty good, pretty good pitch.

She has a couple of note cards and sort of goes through it.

But that's the only thing that's really online anymore.

The pair married in 2022, apparently in Italy.

But Amade's Wikipedia page didn't say he was married until this summer and doesn't say to whom,

searches for Dario Amadei's wife on Google often turn up a photograph of his sister,

Daniela Amade, who helps run the company.

Even Claude Anthropics AI chatbot responds to queries by saying Dario Amade's marital

status doesn't seem to be clearly confirmed.

That is extremely good because there's always this fear that when you're using an AI chatbot,

whatever you say will be baked into the next training run and that the personal details

will get leaked into the model.

And so, like, if I'm saying something about Jordy,

like, you could look up something about you

and it would just show up and leak in the model.

So good, like, I think that this is like,

there's the whole, like, should you be more transparent question?

But just in terms of actual, like, removing personally identifiable information

from data that goes into training runs,

obviously if you work for the company and CEO,

you probably have fully private,

train on anything I have say ever, but just good that it didn't leak through the actual model.

So the Wall Street Journal writes, as anthropic hurdles towards an IPO that could top two trillion

as soon as this fall, Clark is one of the most influential voices shaping the decisions of the

CEO at the forefront of the AI industry, a revolution remaking all aspects of work and life

that simultaneously thrills and terrifies most of the public. Yes, that is 100% accurate.

It's a remarkable rise for a woman who didn't graduate from college, had a previous brief marriage at age 20 to a man more than 40 years older, and once declared bankruptcy.

Her career included co-founding a women-focused, quote, free luxury porn company that she unsuccessfully tried to persuade convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein to invest in and started a, quote, women's social dieting app that morphed into a women's health care AI company.

That was the video that I saw on YouTube.

She made connections with powerful people, including Schmidt, whom she brought into Amadez orbit.

The billionaire left his roles at Google and apparent alphabet in 2020.

Oh, I didn't realize he was out in 2020.

And transitioned into investing in tech startups, among other things.

She also tried to persuade Schmidt to back a venture fund.

She would run with him to invest in Anthropic and other AI companies, although that didn't move forward.

Claude, the company's chatbot is now the chief of...

Interesting.

interesting,

uh,

differentiated name for a fund.

I think it was the mother of AGI.

Mother of AGI.

Extremely AGI-I-pilled name for,

uh,

for raising a fund in 2020.

Not people,

not many people were taking that term seriously.

Uh,

it is,

uh,

it is a good name.

Mother of AGI fund.

Uh,

the goal was,

quote,

to be an elegant solution to formalize

Kami's involvement in Anthropic,

Dario's company,

and manage Eric's investment and invest in the AGI ecosystem.

Um,

But I don't think it ever went through.

Others at Anthropic, including Daniela Al-Madeh and other co-founders, didn't support the plan, according to people familiar with the matter.

And it didn't move forward by the end of the year.

Associates said they recall seeing what looked like an engagement ring on Clark's hand and not long after.

The couple wed in Italy.

Clark, known for being social and outgoing, has interacted with politicians and investors on behalf of Amadeh, chatting with them and bringing them over to meet her bookish husband at conferences and events.

There's also some interesting details in here about her relationship with Ivanka Trump at the Sun Valley Conference in July, where she spent much of the week by her husband's side.

She had lunch with Ivanka Trump, a friend, and chatted with Jared Kushner, whom Amade had approached earlier in the year to invest.

People familiar with the matter said.

So a little bit of more nuance around the relationship between Anthropic and the administration.

Obviously, the Department of War dust up was a big drama cycle earlier this year.

there's already communication between the two or the two entities to sort of, you know, maybe smooth things over.

The interesting post that this made me think of, this whole conversation was from Patrick Carlson,

back in March 11th. And I don't remember what was going on March 11th, but I imagine it was some opening high drama.

But he said, there's a lot of unevenness in how much attention internal drama and palace intrigue gets across different organizations.

organizations. And we were joking that it was like, why is no one writing hit pieces about

Stripe? Because he's like, because it's just like being my brother running a really clean

ship and no one really complains. And there's never been a there's never been a coup. And we just

refused to take the company public and just grow the business.

The link's payment rails. Yeah. We put the payment rails in the bag, sir.

Honestly, if if Stripe is as successful in the fullness of time as I think it will be,

there will be probably insane online conspiracies about the Collison.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Who are these two brothers?

Yeah, sort of a hibernian conspiracy.

The Hiberian, they're Irish.

Barack Obama part Irish, right?

Goes pretty deep.

Wow, deeper than I thought.

Yeah, that's when the company got started.

Is that a coincidence?

Who knows?

Dig in.

Patrick Collison went on to say, as far as I can tell,

this is substantially a matter of path dependency.

We know the characters in the sitcom of certain organizations, but not at others.

And this creates self-rein reinforcing lock-in effects.

How much does one hear about the power struggles at Chevron or the Department of Agriculture?

I would love to read about the power struggles at Chevron or the Department of Agriculture.

We need a banned PDF or a tell-all book, the next Sebastian Malibi or something.

I don't know.

Or maybe, I don't know, who else can tell a great business story?

Maybe we'll have to dig into it.

There is even significant heterogeneity between ostensibly similar companies within sectors.

And so I took this at the time and sort of wrote a piece about this calling it like Tall Poppy Syndrome coming to America, just this idea that the, that the,

intention of the public is intensely focused on like the hottest company at the time and then all the arrows get directed at that. I think I think that's something that's happening at this point. I said at the time years ago I was talking to an American venture capitalist about New Zealand and asked him about the startup community there. The country is beautiful, highly developed, democratic. It consistently ranks among the world's most stable, wealthy, well-governed societies, certainly worth visiting, but could but could New Zealand produce a power law company one day? Like,

Are we going to hear, like we've seen with Spotify, and there's been a number of other companies, certainly in China, they have a number of, you know, decacorns and centicorns over there, huge companies.

Will we ever see one out of New Zealand?

It seems to have the recipe.

And he said his assessment distilled down to something along the lines up.

They are suffering from a bad case of tall poppy syndrome.

Put simply, individuals who achieve visible success are criticized, attacked, or socially cut down because they stand above the others.

the metaphor should be obvious, but when you cut the tallest flowers in the field, the surface

appears even anthropologists even call this leveling behavior in hunter-gatherer societies.

Good hunters might be mocked, discouraged from bragging, sharing would be encouraged to prevent

resource concentration.

There's nothing all that bad about a preference for humility.

America has long been suspicious of Lamborghini driving self-promotional Instagram course hustlers,

and for good reason, they're usually selling overpriced junk food.

But the strong form of Tall Poppy Syndrome leads to lower.

startup formation. Fewer truly, fewer truly scaled companies and ultimately a talent, exodus, or

brain drain. America has never had this problem. And I don't think we're particularly close to

developing a crippling case of tall poppy syndrome anytime soon. But it's worth understanding how

these leveling behaviors shape the narrative in tech. And I think that's a little bit of what's

happening right now. Will this affect the IPO? Will this affect the stock price? Like, probably not.

But John Stokes was sort of laying out why he thinks this piece was worth

writing. He says, counterpoint, it's vital and overdue Anthropic itself laid out the stakes

very publicly as follows, quote, our product is a god. And this is not an actual quote,

but I guess this is like the vibe that he in particular picked up on. A pretty effective summary.

He says our products talking about anthropic is a godlike intelligence that will rule over you.

See how our staff endows it with morality. We even deigned to consult the Pope. Okay, so let's

at your morals, he says.

This crowd can screech around the object level, like, is the company making money?

What are the margins?

The more important details about risk as opposed to the morals.

But John Stokes says, by their own terms, they made morals and virtuous behavior, the object level in the AI debate.

That's literally Anthropics whole frame.

So why are the morals of the people who are giving AI its morals, not fair game?

Yeah, if anything, it feels like it disrupts some of the brand.

positioning around morality makes that maybe less effective. It is fascinating, in my view,

that this kind of coverage didn't happen like a long time ago. Yeah, but that's normal for the,

for the mainstream media. Like, Anthropic was not an interesting company to write about at the

Wall Street Journal or the information, even like last year. It was like a, I mean, it was a great. Yeah, but

But even like the images that are in the Wall Street Journal piece are from February, right, where they're together.

And you would think that somebody would have asked, who's this person that Darya is holding hands with, and then tried to get a little information.

And the internet was mostly scrubbed, but you could just look up her name in the Epstein files, public federal database.

It actually did hit the timeline.

Someone was just digging through the Epstein files in February and posted it but didn't make the actual connection, which is very, very, very interesting.

They were just like, here are all the crazy interactions that I found while digging through the files.

And this was one of them, the actual interaction.

But they didn't piece it together fully.

It obviously, the context of being in the journal is a very, very different thing.

Yeah.

Anyway.

Anyways, probably overall, mostly just bad for the AI industry overall.

Yeah.

Yeah, Nick Carter sort of summed it up here.

He said, remember, if Anthropic wins and close source wins, these are the people that

will get to write the morality rules for the entire planet.

And so it maybe is worth interrogating the morality, seeing where, if you agree with

it, if this stuff or not, you know, this is the beauty of America.

You get to read the information, the freedom of the press, and then decide where you sit

on all of this.

The,

in terms of how bad this is for the AI industry,

it still feels like it ranks below data centers and below,

like,

ripping up old books.

I don't think this will get that much traction online,

but I don't know.

Like the,

like,

there is a whole class of,

like, political commentators that are hyper-fixated on, like,

the Epstein class.

And so,

like,

this could grow,

but it feels like it's arms distance enough.

It's,

it's not Dario.

it's his wife and it's not it's not her you know going to the island it's her emailing him for

fundraising that they didn't actually do a deal together and so there's like a number of steps

removed as opposed to with the other stories it's much more like this data center came to town

and is dirty and I don't like it and so you post a video of that and that's like much more

direct so of the pushback this feels like it will it will rank lower but I don't know we'll see

where this goes obviously it's it's tearing through tech today

But we'll see if this is something that has long-term impact on the industry or anything like that.

Anyway, let's move on to something else.

Public.com investing for those to take it seriously.

Stocks options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service.

And there's a story that I didn't even remember to put in the timeline, but it is related to trading stocks publicly.

South Korea is ordering new investors to take classes.

Did you see this?

Whoa.

Okay.

So, South Korean...

It's time to study the blade.

Literally.

This is a cultural pastime.

This is crazy.

You're going to learn how to use leverage.

Yes, basically.

So South Korean retail investors must now complete a week-long course before...

A week-long course before they can start trading in single stock funds as regulators tighten restrictions on products blamed for exacerbating wild swings in one of the world's most volatile.

stock markets. So the move follows an extraordinary boom and subsequent correction in South Korean

equities. The Kaspi rose 76% in 2025 and then doubled again this year, peaking at more than

9,300 points in June. Retail investors poured a net $70 billion into the market. And remember

South Korea is not nearly as big as America. And so they were all yoloing effectively into the

AI-driven rally like chipmakers, S.K. Hynix and Samsung electronics. The rise coincided with

government efforts to boost the market. Single-stock leveraged ETFs in the two companies were introduced

in late May, allowing investors to magnify bets on Korea's semiconductor champions. Then at a press

conference, on June 8th, President Li J. Myeong said that the market was still, quote, somewhat

undervalued despite having hit about 8,000 points. So you have the president of the country being like,

we got room to run. Now is a generational buying opportunity. I wonder, I wonder if Hill also get into

selling early access to his comments on the market. Maybe. Maybe that's just the new meta. A lot of

people have been sort of disgusted and disappointed by that kind of behavior. Yeah. Yeah. But maybe it's

just the new normal. So the rally unraveled in July with the Cospi following 22% for its worst month

since the global financial crisis. The finance ministry announced measures to limit access

to leveraged ETFs. Many retail investors have suffered significant losses in single stock

leveraged ETF craze and their perception of those products has changed. Investors bought Samsung and

SK Hinex leverage ETFs in late May and held them until mid-July. They lost about half their money. New

investors in single stock leverage DTFs must now complete at least one hour of simulated trading a day

for five days. So it's not a 40-hour course. It's one hour a day of simulated leverage trading

for five days straight. Then you will be allowed to trade on these platforms. They also have

mandatory military service. So now they have mandatory day trading. Mandatory everything.

And at the end, they go, that wasn't a simulation.

You weren't trading the real market?

Yeah, it's Ender's game in Korea.

You just secured a generational bag.

That was real money you were trading.

I wonder, it'll be very interesting to look at the data from what the traders do in simulation versus reality.

Like, do they take more risk because they know it's play money?

Are they actually learning?

I'm on a, when I'm in a racing simulation,

I do drive a bit different than when I'm actually on the track.

Okay. Okay. We'll see. Presumably this would like teach the wrong instincts, right? Because

if you're just, if you sit there, no, obviously, obviously they're trying to show people that if you are trading with leverage, you just lose a lot of money often.

You're just going to get wiped out. So you're like, okay, I got wiped out on day three. Now I'm not going to get wiped out when I go into the real market. Wouldn't you want to like instill like you should just go, you should just buy and hold, right? But if you just sit there an hour every day, like, you're not just going to watch.

like press by and then sit there.

It's going to like,

you're going to be doing zero day.

That's for sure.

You're going to be going crazy.

So a quote from a sole resident.

It is funny to think about if you were,

let's say if as a team,

we were forced into the date,

into a week long day trading course,

you know that we would probably have

some side bets on who could run it up.

For sure, for sure.

As high as possible in simulated trading.

And so

It probably does

We were really close to actually doing that

And having that be like a show segment

Between the retail corner

The retail corner

The retail corner

He was having some

He was having some wild swings

But a sole resident

In South Korea

Who lost money said this

He said it does feel a bit

Like closing the barn door

After the horse has bolted

Though it's better than doing nothing

Saying like I already lost it all

I don't get coarse.

Is that a real quote?

It's a real quote.

That feels very borrowed from like the American South.

Yeah, that's great.

It does feel like closing the barn door after the horse has bolted.

I like this.

We've got to take a trip to South Korea.

However, there are signs that tighter market regulation is cooling the market.

Daily turnover and single stock leveraged ETFs on July 30th fell from 12 trillion to just 70 billion.

So that's a huge drop.

off 90% down on the actual trading volume. And for Yun, the South Korean resident who lost money,

it has done little to restore faith in policymakers. Investors like us have grown increasingly

resentful. Trust in the government has been severely shattered. He was counting on the government

to stop him from going too crazy in the financial markets. And they did not. And he's upset

about it. He's he's not happy. So, uh, interesting, interesting development. We'll see where it goes.

giving employees instant resolution to access, for access requests and password resets.

John, it's time to talk about car week. Okay. Let's do car week. But first, before we talk about car week,

we're going to talk about Tesla nears unveiling of radical new flying roadsters.

So if you remember, probably around six months ago, whenever Elon did his last appearance on Joe Rogan, he was alluding to the idea that the roadster might be able to get a little bit of air time.

Anybody that is done driving in the back country knows that all cars can get air time.

But I don't think that's what he was alluding to.

I don't think that's what he's alluded to.

I think he was alluding to some set of features that allow it to fly.

Fly.

Yeah.

And I don't know what we're going to, I don't know what flying is.

Yep.

Right.

Is flying an inch off the ground?

If you're moving it at 100 miles an hour, maybe.

Maybe.

So there is a Chinese car that can jump over a pothole, extremely relevant for Los Angeles.

We've got to get this car here to change all the tariff rules.

But some sort of, I think it's a BYD can actually change the suspension so aggressively that it can jump while traveling.

And we said like, okay, the gauntlet has thrown down.

Jumping is not enough to go viral.

Jumping will not satisfy the criteria of, you know, flying.

So it has to be able to, you know, probably go more than six inches off the ground,

maybe a full foot off the ground.

It has to be able to stay off the ground for, I don't know, a few seconds, 10 seconds.

My speculation was that it would be able to use the thrusters to lift off the

ground and parallel park directly in. That was my prediction for something that would satisfy

flying without actually being just, oh, you can just fly it from Malibu to L.A.

Yeah.

Like I think that that's probably not in the cards, but I think that it has to have a crazy demo.

It has to look crazy. It has to have crazy stats.

But it also has to have a crazy viral video demo where you show it and you're like, wow,

no other car can do that, not even close.

But the information has the exclusive.

The crazy thing is that even as far back as eight years ago, there were patents that Tesla filed

related to using effectively rocket-style thrusters in a vehicle.

And people were already kind of chattering around then.

Is Tesla going to make some type of car?

The collab.

The SpaceX collab.

They have the rockets.

Yeah.

If Tesla comes out with a roadster that has a SpaceX, it's like basically, like, basically,

Merlin engine on it.

Some type of SpaceX engine.

There's probably, I would put it, now that the company's public,

there's probably 10,000 buyers for that car.

You can imagine a lot of people.

It's 20 times the Audi New Valari.

It's pretty wild.

Well, the New Valari is like intentionally.

Yeah.

You know, the other thing that they could do is they could go out to the salt flats

and they could set the world speed record, the high speed record.

because a rocket engine on the back of a Tesla going in a straight line,

they could probably break the speed of sound.

And that would be amazing.

It wouldn't necessarily fit the flying criteria,

but it'd be flying across the salt flat, so I'd give it credit.

But it needs a crazy twist, I think.

Between Elon's promises, this is Grace Kay in the information this morning.

Between Elon's promises of super nimble robots and interstellar colonization,

the billionaire spent plenty of time over the last decade hyping,

up another ambitious effort, the next version of the Roadster, the sporty electric vehicle that

first put Tesla on the map. At first, he said he wanted the vehicle to be the fastest production

car in the world. Then he said he wanted it to be crazier than every fictional James Bond car

combined. And he wanted the car to be able to fly. Don't the James Bond cars have guns and missiles

on them? Yes, they do. They do. They do. I mean, I guess you could get a, like, in order to buy

the Tesla, you have to have an FFL. You have to have a firearms.

A dealer license?

Oh, a dealer license?

Dealer license.

Okay, so it's basically a gun store on the deals.

Exactly.

That would be very American.

You can't get automatic weapons.

You can't get silencers.

All these things are heavily restricted.

But if you go through the process to become a gunsore, you can get a lot more crazy stuff.

So maybe that's just the process.

So must directive sent Tesla designers down a rabbit hole that lasted years to laying the cars

released.

The company first showed a prototype design of the vehicle and began.

accepting reservations for it in 2017.

Since then, it has chucked that design completely and come up with a new one,

which hasn't been publicly revealed.

That could change soon.

Tesla is currently planning and unveiling of the new design,

which could happen as early as this month.

I was trying to figure out, is there any world that they do something at Car Week

happening right now?

Where are we on Tesla?

It feels very, very unlikely.

It feels like much more like Elon to do his own event and not compete for attention.

That event will include an elaborate stunt showing off the flying capabilities of a limited edition version of the roadster, the result of a collaboration between Tesla and SpaceX.

The demonstration is expected to take place that SpaceX's testing site in McGregor, Texas.

As recently as a few months ago, Tesla's plans for the demonstration were like something out of a science fiction movie.

They involved showing the vehicle racing onto a magnetized roller coaster-like ramp and driving upside down before riding itself and hovering in the air.

three people said.

Previously, Musk has said the vehicle's ability to fly would come from cold gas thrusters developed with SpaceX.

Still, there's uncertainty about what Tesla will actually show at the event.

Did you hear that, John?

I'm going to read it back.

Tell me.

A magnetized roller coaster-like ramp driving upside down before riding itself and hovering in the air.

Sorry, I need you to read that for a third time.

They're making a hot wheel style roller coaster loop.

And this is what leaked?

this is crazy

I love it though

I'm super pro this is awesome

this is amazing

what is man

okay

Musk told some Tesla staffers in recent weeks

that the demonstration will be difficult to pull off

and could go awry

but it will be entertaining regardless

it's such a

it couldn't be learned whether Tesla will show the event

live or share recorded footage

all spectators at the event will be stationed

several hundred yards away from the vehicle because of potential damage to their eardrums.

Cold gas thrusters generate high pressure gas that can create significant noise and vibrations.

According to Jay Kim, a professor of Air Dynamics at the University of Southampton,

as a result, the car will be remotely operated without anyone inside the vehicle.

Okay, this feels like we're getting farther and farther away from a production car.

It's just a rocket.

It's just a wrong.

Hundreds of yards away, remotely operated, might go terribly.

Can you imagine getting...

He's just reinventing rockets.

Honey, would you mind running out and grabbing a gallon of milk?

Let me start the cold gas thrusters.

Boom, all the windows break in your neighborhood.

Let me pull out the car.

That would be very, very funny.

Is that the end of that story?

That's all, folks.

Codex is a power.

for workspace for getting work done with AI agents.

What are you writing code, analyzing data, creating content, or operating business workflows.

Codex helps you move projects forward from start to finish.

Back to the story, Tesla could use some reinvigoration at the moment.

Its stock has lost nearly a quarter of its value this year.

Oh, maybe, you know, we've had this, you know, you've had this theory for, like, over a year now,

that if Tesla and SpaceX are going to merge, Elon owns a lot more of SpaceX.

So you would want Tesla to be at a lower valuation.

Maybe this is all part.

This feels like a pump though.

This feels like this.

No, but if it's a spectacular explosion.

Okay.

Then maybe, then maybe, you know, the stock drops.

And the next day he goes, okay.

Yeah.

Time to, time to buy.

So wait, do the original reservations still get you to the front of the line of this thing?

They better.

Because I've been so close to putting down a reservation multiple times being like,

I think it's going to be a decade, but when it comes, it's going to be so hilarious and unique.

I mean, like, is it legal to drive in the United States?

No.

Do I need to contact the FAA before I turn it on?

Yes.

But is it a one of 10,000?

So you can still register for a roadster.

Okay.

You have to put 45,000 down.

Yeah.

It was like 200 bucks.

Actually, no.

It's 50, 50K, 50K, 5K.

immediately and then you got to send a wire.

It's the same amount of money you can come and book a plug for a plug walk, right?

Roughly.

I think so.

That's the number.

Well, in other car news, Porsche heard you loud and clear.

They're bringing back the manual for the Carrera S.

The 9-11 Carrera S is back with a manual.

It's North America exclusive MT package for 2027, six gears, 473 horse.

power. That's pretty, that's a little bit higher than some of the models, not bad. And loads of

features, all the details are over at motor one.com. Jason Freed's very happy to hear this. What do you

think, Jordy? What's the review? I like it. My first sports car, a manual 9-11. Manual 9-11.

It makes a lot of sense. They're listening. They're listening to their, they're talking to their

customers. Coupe is 170. Yeah, they really are. And it's, it's odd because I feel like the Porsche

brand is strong. I feel like they've had some misadventures in

in the EV market, but in general, like, the actual results of the new Kyan EV Turbo S are insane.

I think zero to 60 in like plaid territory, like two seconds.

Yeah.

If it had self-driving anywhere near Tesla, it would be way more popular.

Maybe that's it.

Because we've seen that like the financials of the company are beaten up, but the brand still is very solid.

They haven't, they haven't had their like luce moment where everyone's like, oh, this one looks bad, you know?

They haven't had a backlash to the core visual brand,

which I think is so important for longevity in this category.

And so I think this will be successful.

And people have been asking for this.

The 9-11 ST sold very well.

I think it's over a million dollars, a car now.

And I still don't fully understand how all the different manual options

fit together across the portfolio.

The ST seems like very exclusive, but I can't off the top of my head.

Well, then you have the sport classic, you have the R.

Yeah, there's a few

touring options,

which I think is good.

But when the ST came out,

it was sort of branded as like

the only way to get the full-throated

Porsche experience in a manual.

And so that's why it's a premium.

There's also the T, which is manual.

So they've been offering a variety of ways

to get in to a manual.

Yeah.

Transmission 9-11.

Ferrari is also out

with the Ferrari CZ-26.

Temporary reinterpretation.

of the high-performance Berlinetta concept

through a pure and highly technical formal language.

It's a special project's car.

Yes.

It develops a new stylistic identity

starting from the supercar features

of the SF90 Stradale.

Defined by a direct distinctly horizontal design

and a highly distinctive two-box silhouette.

It looks a lot more restrained

than the standard SF-90.

Yeah.

This looks cool.

Yeah.

More refined version of the SF-90.

Looks nice.

I wonder how many is, so the overall bodywork of this hashtag Ferrari one-off design.

So are they just doing one of these and they're showing off at Car Week?

They're just doing one?

One of one feels like.

Yeah.

So far I haven't seen anything out of Ferrari.

From Car Week?

There's a bunch of other things.

McLaren is introducing a first concept of its kind of steel in the show.

Mick L6 GT, a contemporary real estate.

of Bruce McLaren's original roadcar vision.

The Mikal 6G embodies the pioneering spirit

that continues to shape McLaren.

Let's get some sound here.

Oh, yeah.

True connection has to be real.

Felt in every input.

Notice how the ad is shot vertically.

Oh.

And they dropped it in square form on axe.

I love the front end.

Looks beautiful.

Why did they upload it square?

on Instagram or on X.

No, I think this is just how X handles.

Oh, really?

Proticle video now.

Oh yeah, it is.

Interesting.

They blur the background and kind of blend it in.

Interesting.

An authentic manual gearbox.

You see that?

That's a little bit of a jab at Ferrari.

Oh yeah.

Annual gearbox.

Yeah, because they have manual by wire.

Okay.

That's a nice shot.

built from the foundation of our founder's legacy, the MCL 6GT.

Again, is this...

And the Claren Roadcar that answers the question.

Oh, they're saying register your interest.

So maybe they make a number of these.

Hmm.

Build today.

Waitless, Max.

What else we got?

Anyway, if you're designing the car, do it in Figma.

Agents meet the canvas.

Your AI agents can now create and modify your Figma files with design system context.

Aston Martin also launched the VAT.

Allen, say it does need an introduction.

It interrupts.

It kind of does need an introduction.

I've never heard of this before.

The most powerful front engine V-12 car in our history,

limited to 150 cars worldwide for the purests.

And so this is off of the Vanquish platform, presumably,

but 150 versions of this.

Yeah, it looks, I mean, again, looks, I think, very cool.

Yeah, no manual.

They specced it in a way that,

It's fun to have these at a good car we don't.

I don't necessarily love, but it feels very close to the valor.

It feels very close to the valor.

They also had the victor at some point.

We have a bunch of these.

And anyways, I don't know what Aston needs to do to really get back in the game.

I think their primary challenge is at the lower end of the market.

Shouldn't they make that codmobile?

Yeah, they should actually make that instead of just making it playable in the game.

It is weird that no one right now is going after what the Audi R8 was, like a more affordable supercar.

All of the luxury car, supercar, hypercar manufacturers seem to be going up market with $500,000, $1 million cars.

And even the new Volari is up at $500, $600,000, $700,000.

right? Like if Audi makes a supercar, you would expect it to be cheaper than the 296 from Ferrari, right?

Like, because that's what the, that's what the R8 strategy was. The R8 was cheaper than the Ferrari of the day.

It was cheaper than the Lamborghini of the day or the base model. So it was like, if you want a more

affordable supercar with the Audi badge. With inflation, you could have seen Audi making a $400,000 supercar, right? The new Vlarari.

is much more limited, comes in around 700.

You do a lot cheaper than that.

I mean, the ZR1X.

Yeah, but that doesn't, every, every Audi is being priced higher than whatever the Chevy Ford equivalent is.

Exactly.

So, so, yeah, okay, maybe you're right, like slice in between a ZR1X and a 296.

That's where I would put the new Volari or the Audi halo car.

Yeah.

I just think it needs to be priced somewhere around.

around where the Temerario is.

Is it more expensive than the Temerario?

It's almost double.

That's an odd choice, I think.

But it looks like a spaceship.

I got to see it in person on Monday.

It is even better looking in person.

It's a very special car.

Does it get absolutely mugged by the 27 Mustang

Dark Horse SC convertible?

Maybe for you.

America's back, baby.

Wow, but you have to wait for the Tesla Roadster.

It's got you covered with a 5.2-liter V8 with 795 horsepower, which is probably nothing compared to what the roadster will have.

And 660 pound feet of torque feeding the rear wheels via seven-speed dual clutch transmission.

The Magneride suspension has a less aggressive tune than the coupe, and the convertible won't be offered with the coop's hardcore track package.

But fun for the Mustang fans.

Mustang's been doing some special editions too.

They got a bunch of different really, really high tier options out there.

Cadillac introduced the V1 concept.

Ben.

Ben says still looks like a vacation rental.

Yeah, one of these that it hurts.

Cadillac revealed the V1 concept.

It's a limited production model based on the LMDH race car.

It's powered by a 5.5-Liter DOHCV8, an electric motor.

Good for 830 combined horsepower.

It looks like a full on race car.

Cadillac's done this before with the CN, their hypercar prototype that they never released.

Would be very cool to see them make a roadgoing version of this like the Valkyrie,

but feels like a big stretch for the brand and the company, right?

I would be surprised if we see this make the rounds.

But people are excited about it.

I mean, the ZER1X was a big moment for the American carmakers in the,

in the supercar market.

And so, you know, there are, there's a chance.

There's a chance this comes out, we'll see.

Shopify is the commerce platform that grows with your business

and lets you sell it in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social,

on marketplaces, and now with AI agents.

Did you know, Jordi, it's now cheaper to buy,

it's now cheaper to buy a private island than a house in Palo Alto.

Finally.

This is crazy.

We've been waiting for these lines to come.

cross. Yeah, no. It's actually cheaper to buy a private island than a house in Palo Alto. Earlier this week, Chris Backy highlighted a real estate listing for a five bedroom, five bathroom, 5,000 square foot home in Palo Alto asking $16.5 million. We got to pull a picture of this thing because it doesn't look like a $16 million house. And I think that's why this image from Chris Bakke went so viral because it specifically looks just like a normal house that might be a million dollars or.

$3 million, but in fact...

Can you share it in the chat?

Where is it? Let me see if I can pull this up.

Do we not get this?

Let me put this up.

Here we go. Boom.

Or here.

Here it is.

There we go.

And so, I mean, 5,500 square feet.

That's a lot.

And Palo Alto is obviously on an absolute tear on the back of the AI boom.

But $16.5 million is a lot of money.

and you can get a private item for this shape.

Yeah, it just looks like one normal house please to me, right?

One starter home, please.

Yeah, exactly.

Even though it's very clear that there's a lot of stuff going on in the back,

obviously from the front, the silhouette doesn't look like a 5,000 square foot house,

but clearly that extends and there's probably lots of land back there and all sorts of things.

But when you're bidding against Mark Zuckerberg, you've got to pay a pretty penny.

Bay Area real estate has been expensive for a long time.

It's like a quarter acre, too.

Bay Area real estate has been expensive for a long time, but prices at the very top of the market have become especially eye-popping.

One factor is the enormous amount of new wealth being created by the AI boom as employees at companies like OpenAI Anthropic, turn startup equity into fortunes and pour some of that money into local real estate.

The result is an absurd new benchmark for Silicon Valley.

Ben is on its hair today.

He says, wow, there's a patio.

No pool.

There's no pool.

For $16 million, no pool.

On a quarter acre.

That is, that's crazy.

I wonder where this one will land.

No garage either.

Wait, no garage.

At this, at this price, it's like, like, like, you could actually be driving like a hyper car for like 10% of the house price, you know?

Like, if you live in a, if you live in a, if you live in a $1.6 million house and you drive, and you

drove a $50,000 car, no one would be like, oh, wow, that's so crazy, right? But if you live in a

$16 million house and you drive a $500,000 car, people would be like, okay, that kind of matches,

except you pull up to this thing in a Rivalto or something, they're an SF 90, and people are like,

what? You don't even have a garage to park it in. Anyway, the result is an absurd new benchmark

for Silicon Valley housing prices. There are actual private islands around the world that costs

less than a house in Palo Alto. In June, a 4.5 acre private island on North Carolina's Lake Norman

sold for $12.5 million. You can pull this one up. The agent on the listing says it has unique feature.

A glass and case staircase. You don't see that much in a modern McMansion.

Which are you going with? The Palo Alto home or this private island?

Says, Chad is saying 16 mill turned it down, had to live there for this decade.

The payment calculator, look, if you put 20% down, you're only spending $105,000 a month.

That's so much money.

Yikes.

That's true golden handcuffs.

So this, so this 4.5 acre private island in North Carolina sold for 12.5.5.

million dollars and it includes a roughly 13,000 square foot mansion on it. It was originally purchased

in the 90s for 1.5 million. The Financial Times also reported in March on a 600-acre private

island in Fiji listed for $12 million. That island comes with a six-bedroom residence built

near its highest point with panoramic ocean views along with a library, barbecue area, and

swimming pool. There are also five beaches, staff, quarters, and a deep water jetty.

This, I'm going to put all these in there.

Let's see.

This one is pretty crazy.

There's only one image of this particular island estate, but the Financial Times was on a tear.

They really reported on a bunch of these.

If 600 acres for your private island is a little excessive, there's another option in Fiji.

Manchin Global reported in March that the founder of a cannabis company, his wife, were selling Wawa, a 75-acre private island.

That is so many.

acres, even 75 acres is so much for 15 million, still 1.5 million less than the Palo Alto

house. So if you are in Palo Alto, you really got to negotiate for remote work because

you could be working from Fiji. The Valwa house includes several Olympic-sized natural swimming

holes and a 5,500 square foot main house built around an open plan, living spaces surrounded by

walls of glass. Its bedroom suites have outdoor bathrooms and private outdoor spaces

overlooking the ocean and jungle.

And it's a fascinating story showing what went in to building this compound.

We can scroll through some of these images because this family really, it seems like it was

sort of a labor of love situation.

So an eclectic travelogue had always been a top priority for the walkers, the Los Angeles

based family of four are self-styled globetrotters whose wanderlust meant they never

vacationed in the same place twice.

They never went back.

Valwa Island is a 75-acre drop in.

in the Pacific Ocean at the northernmost tip of the Yasawa Island archipelago and north of Nadi International Airport.

It is so far to get to Fiji.

But people love it out there.

We saw the island and even though there was nothing there, we just knew there was something really magical about this place and we had to go back.

So we were sitting on a beach and saw this little island in the distance.

Sounds familiar here.

We then got picked up by a local boat and taken there.

We went around the island and the locals said it had been deserted for a while.

after meeting with the local elders of the tribe to discuss the finer points of the purchase,

the walkers have purchased a leasehold and the project of a lifetime.

So a lot of these different countries and island nations, they won't actually sell you the

property.

What they'll do is they'll sell you a lease for 185 years.

So it's within your lifetime, but then it eventually goes back to the government.

It was like a boyhood dream, Barry said today that pristine parcel is home to a luxurious hideaway

built with a modern Malibu aesthetic, crafted by Danish architect, constructed by an Australian builder and curated by a California family.

The project took approximately five years with a pandemic and the distance from home adding complexity.

So I've never done a proper trip to Fiji, but I did have a 18-hour layover there once on the way to Bali.

Do you count that as visiting Fiji?

I count it because I went, I left the airport, I got on a boat.

Okay.

And I took it to a small, relatively deserted island,

and I just hung out there for a few hours and then took the boat back,

and then went to the airport and left.

Do I have?

I don't think I have very nice on here.

Anyway, Tyler, you figured out the optimal route.

Yeah, great success.

You figured out the optimal route to visit every state.

Is that correct?

Yeah, so basically the idea, well, the rules we said is if you land in like a grass,

area and you step out that counts as visiting the state.

Yes.

So basically the optimal strategy if you want to hit every state is you basically land at the

intersections of states.

Okay.

So you only need to land 21 times, to hit all 50, right?

So in lower 48, it's only 19 times.

Okay.

But you can hit these kind of like tri-point areas, right?

You think and think of there's kind of the quadrant in the southwest.

You can hit four states at once.

Yeah.

And you can do it presumably within an hour or sorry, within 24 hours.

Within 24 hours?

Yeah, yeah.

But you have to go to a lot.

Alaska and Hawaii. So this is just lower 48? No, no. This is all 24. You can, but you would need a plane that can fly at the speed of sound, but also land, or like near the speed of sound. Like, you can't do it in like a Sessna. You must, you have to do it in like a golf stream, but then you also have to be able to land in a cornfield, basically. You can use like a normal, slightly larger plane than like a private plane. Okay. But you don't need that. What type of plane are you, are you landing in a cornfield, but also making it to Alaska in?

Tyler, Tyler, would you be willing to attempt this route with your current plan?

Because right now it just feels like you're still in a lot of confidence, buddy.

Yeah, Trace says the Pilates PC12 has you cover.

Pilates PC12 is not probably fast enough to actually break a record.

But the PC24 is sort of the cousin of the PC12.

That is an actual jet.

That will let you land on dirt runways.

And so I think that the PC-24...

Yeah, PC-24 is what I had as well.

A lot of PC-24.

But you said big, it's not even...

It's like a relatively modest plane.

You can't even cross the Atlantic with it.

You were saying it was a bigger plane.

Well, you know, relatively.

Pure Slaw.

You've got to work on this plan.

Their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and...

stops breeches.

You're starting in Maine and you're ending in Hawaii.

Okay.

So you go from basically like Washington to...

In New Hampshire.

You're kind of going...

But you're going in the Pacific Northwest last, then Alaska, then down to Hawaii.

You're basically starting, you're going directly south.

So you're in all the...

Ryan says you need to hire a pilot from Sinolaoa.

True.

True.

I think you're going to run into a lot of trouble.

I think you're probably get arrested the first time you landed in a cornfield in the intersection

of three states.

They wonder what you're doing.

I don't think with Tyler's plan, I don't think there'll be enough time to...

Some demolition?

You're going to take that to freeze?

Yeah.

Oh, so that you can actually land on the corner.

Yeah.

Because a lot of these corner intersections are like tourist traps where they have like a sign on the ground.

Like you're currently standing on four states at once.

And you can't just land there and bulldoze all the tourists who are taking pictures.

That doesn't make any sense.

Well, I don't like we stated that before.

That wasn't allowed.

Misaligned.

This is misaligned.

right here.

Terrible.

Anyway,

the good folks

over at the Acquired FM,

Acquired podcast,

revealed a very interesting fact

that we wanted to share here.

The highest grossing

piece of entertainment ever

isn't Avatar Avengers

Titanic?

Chad says stop hazing our zoomers.

Oh, we got more Gen Z's

Gen Z hazing

articles because there's

a whole article in the New York Times about how Gen Z doesn't know how to dress. They're just taking

shots at Gen Z for acting like they've never worn clothes before or something is the headline.

It's a very funny. We was driving around with my lovely wife yesterday and we passed like what looked

like a group of high school boys and she said, why do they all look like they're dressed like

criminals.

They had these, like, big, like, glasses that, like, look like,

something you might wear if they really didn't want people to know.

True unc status.

Why is Ben Macklin getting an American flag wrapped around him?

Is this just the style now?

This is my go-way gift.

This is my, yeah, I'm going back.

I had to get a flag before it.

Okay, there is.

We're wearing that on the flight.

Yeah.

The whole way.

I love it.

A little bit.

What's the only faster?

in the AI market, your business on MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the data platform that powers it.

Ryan says if you can't,

Hayes Gen Z, Y, B, Unk.

Yeah, good point.

Good point.

Okay, anyway.

So, the highest grossing piece of entertainment ever.

It's not Avatar, it's not Avengers,

it's not Titanic, it's not Seinfeld,

it's not even Grand Theft Auto.

It's the Lion King musical.

Perfect cute.

It's the Lion King musical.

The Lion King Musical.

is the highest grossing piece of media entertainment ever. Absolutely insane. Since

debuting on Broadway in November of 1997, Disney's stage adaptation has grossed more than

$11 billion worldwide, maybe more than $10 billion. It's a ton. It's the highest grossing

stage production ever. And by box office revenue, it's the highest grossing entertainment title

in history. For comparison, Avatar is the highest grossing movie ever, has made only $3 billion.

million dollars at the global box office. The Lion King passed the previous record holder,

the Phantom of the Opera all the way back in 2014 when its cumulative gross was already

$6.2 billion. I had no idea there was so much money in Broadway. So the question everyone's

asking, how is this even possible? Like, yeah, the Lion King musical, it's popular, but Avatar was

like a cultural moment. Everyone saw it. But it's because the Lion King musical is not just one

show. It's much more complicated than that. It's this entertainment machine.

So since 1997, there have been...

It's not just a show, it's a machine.

Basically.

Wow.

It's 30 different productions around the world spanning more than 100 cities and 24 countries.

So it's, so the show runs on Broadway, but also London's West End, Japan, Germany, Australia, alongside North America, international touring productions.

So you can see it in multiple places at the same time.

more than 127 million people have actually seen it.

And unlike a movie, the same piece of entertainment can keep selling thousands of expensive tickets every night for decades.

So the Broadway production alone performs eight times a week.

In one week this June, it sold 12,670 tickets, grossed 1.94 million from a single theater.

And then you scale that model across multiple productions, operate simultaneously.

And are all these productions paying royalties back to Disney?

Yeah, yeah.

So you're thinking what I'm thinking?

What are you thinking?

Thrive Eternal comes in.

They spin out the Lion King IP.

Bob Eiger gets a piece back.

Yeah.

So 75 bucks a ticket.

Then like Gabe says, then they take it public.

Maybe, maybe.

I think this is like core to the, to the Disney IP strategy.

Like they have other Broadway productions already in the works, already in production.

And we'll have many more as different.

different pieces of intellectual property take flight and actually find their footing.

Of course, not everything's going to be as much of a smash success as the Lion King has been,

but it's crazy.

It's a 29-year run selling $75 tickets on average every night across the globe for 30 years almost,

which is crazy.

And so you can take the same story, perform it eight times a week, duplicate the production

around the planet, and keep doing it for an entire generation.

Do that successfully for three days, and you can make more money.

at the box office than any movie ever made.

I was always thinking that someone would do this for music.

Sort of like you'd need to set up the musical act as a multi-stage production.

But, you know, Dead Mouse performs with a helmet.

Dead Mouse, the EDM artist.

Oh, you mean Dead Mow 5?

Dead Mow 5, yes.

So when Dead Mouse performs, he is there in person, the actual artist,

and he's wearing a helmet.

So you don't know that it's him.

And of course, you trust that it's him

because he doesn't perform in multiple places

at the same time.

Same thing with Tiasto.

But there are other artists

that have donned the helmets.

I think marshmallow is one.

There's a few others that do this sort of thing.

Even going back to Slip-Nap.

Daph punk.

Exactly.

But if you could start a musical act

that by, that embrace the idea

that it could be in multiple places

at the same time,

it could effectively have multiple residences.

So the artist, even though it was multiple people,

could be performing in New York and Las Vegas and Miami all at the same time,

have residences everywhere and bring in way more revenue on top of the IP.

And then the artist themselves doesn't need to travel.

Of course, that's like sort of sacrificing what it means to go to a Dead Mouse show.

So you probably don't command as much of a premium.

But it would be interesting to see if someone in the musical arts,

Dylan says this is just the blue man group strategy.

It's not always the same blue men.

Mind blown.

Yes, the blue man group has changed over.

I don't know.

Are there any examples of the blue man group performing in two different places at the exact

same time with different blue men?

I think that they have a single cast that rotates and they don't actually perform in

multiple places at the same time.

But that's the Blue Man Group V2 is what I'm maybe hoping for.

Anyway, what else is going on?

The cursor deal closed.

That's a big story today.

Although it's been announced several times that this was happening,

but Michael Truill took to the timeline to announce that the deal has, in fact, closed.

Gwark, Wark is imminent.

Grock, work is coming.

They're doing it.

This is the largest acquisition of a venture-backed, like, private company?

Yes, and it must be probably the highest IRA VC investment of all time.

Maybe there's probably something shorter term that it was like one month and then an acquisition.

But it certainly is close to that.

Previously, the record was WIS, 32 billion, Google.

So nearly double.

Yeah, Michael Truel said...

There is some, it is funny to think about,

just given the dynamic between Elon and Sam,

Open AI startup fund, I believe,

was the seed investor in CoSER.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Meaning that opening I probably now.

But absolutely incredible outcome.

And I think all,

Already people are realizing just how much, how necessary it is for SpaceX's hopes at the application.

Okay. Michael Truel, one of the greatest zoomers to ever do it.

Truly.

You got to give him, you got to give him credit.

You got to give credit to all of Gen Z for putting up amazing numbers.

But you also got to take some shots at Gen Z because apparently snack companies are coding everything in pickle flavor for Gen Z.

Is this true?

Do you like pickles?

I wouldn't say I'm a big pickle guy.

Okay.

Well, apparently snack companies think you are

because there's a deluge of sour briny snacks that have infiltrated the market,

and apparently it's your fault, Tyler.

Pickle-flavored ramen, pickle-flavored beer,

pickle-flavored Sauvignon Blanc, wine?

Pickle-zested ice cream.

A certain flavor profile is exploding.

It's sour.

It's briny.

It's huge on social media.

And it's coating.

everything in its paths, says the Wall Street Journal.

We're just in a golden era for pickle flavoring,

said the vice president of the fresh food group at Sarkana.

Never in my life would I imagine cotton candy with pickles.

When you were a kid, did you ever take a little sip of the...

The juice, the pickle juice?

Not really.

No, I did.

Like, just once to experience, or was it like a daily thing?

You would enjoy it.

You're there.

I like a pickle, but I don't know.

The juice,

I can pass on.

Yeah, anytime I meet people that are seemingly super into pickles, I just assume they

haven't, they don't realize they can put salt, a lot of salt on anything.

Oh, you think it's like a vehicle for delivering salt.

I think it's like a, yeah, you're just maybe sodium deficient or craving some sodium

and you want an excuse and a pickle is just a way to get your salt fix.

Yeah, it's a vehicle.

Okay.

Well, people certainly associate the flavor with saltiness, so it's going all over the place.

In the last few years, nearly every snack food giant and retailer has piled.

on the trend and for good reason,

pickle flavored items are flying off the shelves,

according to data from Sircana.

Pickle flavored snacks grew 30% in sales over the past year

compared with 3.8% growth in the snack category overall.

The same category,

the same goes for categories that don't seem traditionally fermentation forward.

Pickle flavored trail mix grew by 10%

as opposed to 4% for the general category.

But some of this growth may come from an influx

A new pickle flavor.

That is a crazy, crazy item.

Whole Foods began selling daily crunches,

dill pickles sprouted almonds in 2024,

and within a year and a half,

the product saw an 812% growth.

Foundation Lab numbers.

It's a Piquel car and NASCAR.

Okay.

That is a car to follow.

PepsiCo released Flamen Hot Dill Pickle Cheetos in 2025

and made them a permanent.

permanent offering this year after the company said it became the fastest selling limited edition

and flavor in the brand's history. Retailers say one group is fueling the trend, a cohort

they're most eager to capture. It's Gen Z. Last summer, Hormel Foods, the company behind

Spam and Skippy Peanut Butter cited Gen Z, the ultimate target market for snack brands as the

inspiration behind the launch of three Dill Pickle products, Dill Pickle Cush, and Dill Pickle

Hormel pepperoni.

This is too much dill pickle.

I can't say pickle anymore.

It's really getting on my nerves.

Let's move on to Alex Cooper.

Alex Cooper, raising a ton of money.

Podcast is doing well.

Media company's doing well.

Her beverage brand is doing unwell.

The brand, Unwell, ceased operations,

announced this winding down a day after Unwell's media business

took investment at a $500 million valuation.

Should not be a surprise.

Clearly new money coming in,

new strategy, focus,

content. Maybe, maybe.

But Andrea took a victory lap

two years ago. She posted

unwell by Alex Cooper, prime

but for the hotties. How much

time do we give this brand before it inevitably

flops and goes on the chopping block?

Two years, it seems, is what

wound up happening.

It was, maybe they just didn't get the right

team in there. It does seem like

it's hard because you only have

so much ad inventory.

And if you're running the call

her daddy podcast and you're getting a lot of impressions. If there is someone, like, you could promote

your product, but every time you do, you're not promoting another product that might pay you a higher

CPM, might be able to monetize those listeners better. And so you have this tension between,

okay, well, there might be a VPN company or a credit card company or all sorts of different

companies that might want to come in and pay, you know, a million dollars for a sponsorship with

with Call Her Daddy, and are you going to be able to move a million dollars, not just a million

dollars of product, but a million dollars worth of product to justify the profits?

So will the LTV that you generate from running those ads that you're taking off the inventory

stack actually math out, I think a lot of influencers wind up with that.

They think they have unlimited distribution.

They don't.

Yeah, it's interesting branding challenge to have unwell as the brand of the drink.

not the best association.

Yeah, I think you're right.

There's something like subliminal.

Like what I was picking up on with the obsession remix video

where I just come away a little bit unsettled,

seeing a brand name Unwell in my face,

it's just going to stick in my brain a little bit.

But, oh, well, we'll see where it goes.

It feels like she's doubling down on media,

TV shows, potentially movie studio, other podcasts.

There's a lot of other things that are going,

going there that are clearly can be focused in the line of what the Unwell Network does well.

So we'll see where it all goes.

Want to change the world?

Raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

So the New York Times put out a hit piece on Jen Zier's says,

Jen Zier's dressed like they've never worn clothes before.

Time was, if you wanted to know what people's deal was, you read their clothes.

young man working at a then popular street fashion magazine, I used to relish taxonomizing people by

what they had on. I could tell you had, I could tell you at a glance what kind of music they

listened to, whether they worked, what they'd be like in bed, what sort of beer they would drink,

all from the cut of their pant leg or the razor guard number on their haircut. Fleece jacket pullover,

white ball cap pulled down way too far over the eyes. That's a jock. Torn up gray hoodie over

enormous jeans whose cuffs are soaking up puddle water, that person smokes weed.

Same hoodie, but sleeves pushed up past the elbows. Watch out. That's the universal signifier

for men. These days, this person is really judgmental. These days, I'm a middle-aged man who works

the door at a bar in Chicago that is reasonably popular with the youths, and I'm routinely flumiced

by the sartorial flotsam that comes packing itself in. The other night, a guy came...

Is this not overall that just one of the oldest sort of stories of all time, which is like old person says that young kids.

Old man yells at clouds.

Yeah, this is old man yells at clouds.

Yeah, it's a good point.

It's a good point.

But I don't know.

I just wanted to take another shot at Gen Z.

I want to yell at clouds.

I do think it's funny that Tyler dresses like the, like, 2016.

kind of like frat style like boat shoes sure I mean he looks sharp every day but but yeah you

guys miss put the shoes up on the desk let's get the shoes up on the desk throw

them up it's Friday let's get a side profile of the shoes the sparries yeah I like that

there you go spary all right that's enough of that king in the castle king in the castle

Next intern challenge, get into Caltech because they have a fraud squad.

This is the red team.

We need to red team their fraud squad.

The fraud squad at Caltech will catch you if you lie on your application.

They're saying make America preppy again.

I think that you could be early to a new prep super cycle, a spary super cycle.

Supercycle.

The funniest thing.

College investigators vet every admitted student.

applications as schools nationwide battle AI fueled cheating.

So now we got to put it to the test.

Can you cheat your way through a Ph.D. at Caltech, Tyler.

I want to see if you can do it.

At the California...

Troy from Cluely says challenge accepted.

Yeah, 100%.

A little known band of admissions.

New benchmark.

New benchmark for Cluley, for sure.

Caltech Ben.

Is scrutinizing the fonts on science fair certificates, checking addresses on high school

transcript and analyzing signatures on awards known as the fraud squad. These investigators are in charge

of vetting applications to the highly selective STEM-focused school, which admitted less than

4% of its 11,000 applicants for the incoming class. Caltech created the team two years ago,

partly in response to a rising number of anonymous accusations of dishonest applications.

The four-person team inspects every submitted, every admitted student's applications, taking nothing

from granted, nothing for granted. They scour the internet to confirm obscurities, contact competition

officials and high school counselors, and use a video interview program to suss out students'

research claims. As elite colleges such as Caltech, at elite colleges such as Caltech,

admissions have become more competitive and applications are increasingly complex. Some requests,

some requests long lists of accolades, research competitions, awards, independent projects,

colleges can find harder to verify

than grades and test scores.

At the same time, technology like AI

makes it easier to falsify submissions.

And for young people, the stakes often feel

higher than ever. I don't think

everyone's lying, said Nick Lee,

senior assistant director for undergrad admissions

and a fraud squad member.

But I can't let a small portion

of the pool of our admits ruin

all the greatness in the other percentage.

Can't let one bad apple spoil the bunch,

I think is the phrase.

Many schools review accuracy.

applications for accuracy, but tend to dig deeper only when something seems off, such as if a

student's essay mentions an award-winning robotics team, but the recommendation letters don't,

so they're looking for needles and haystacks. Interesting. Do you think you could do it? Do you think

this is fraud-proof, Tyler? Or you think you... I mean, there's like...

Still on the shoes. Still on the shoes. I think there's a lot of things. Like, it seems like

the solutionnaires, you just only do the SAT.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

You can basically get rid of all these, like, fishy research things.

You know, you hear about, like, some stories where it's like they had their first research paper when they were, like, 11 years old.

It's like clearly very fake.

Just like the parents doing it or the AI doing it or something.

I don't know.

Yeah, tricky.

Nothing like the IMO to separate the wheat from the chaff.

Well, over at Thrive, there's a big scoop from Natasha over now.

Natasha's been on its hair.

She's a Bloomberg technology.

Thrive has invested $250 million in Amazon, according to a securities filing, as the firm expands its public market strategy to back some of the world's largest companies benefiting from AI.

I didn't realize that Thrive had this significant of a public book.

I mean, I guess some of this was probably SpaceX pre-IPO that shifted over to the public book.

Well, I think this is part of a, like, new focus.

Sure, sure.

So Thrive Capital at the end of Q2, owned $3.2 billion with a SpaceX, $250 million of Amazon.

They still got some Oscar Health, $180 million of that.

They owned Shopify and Figma.

They trimmed Carvana and Stub Hub, but are still long, lots of stuff in the public markets.

Anyway, what else is in the timeline?

Another news, Jeff Bezos bets on sports with Liverpool.

deal billionaire to become a part owner of the Premier League team valued at more than $7 billion.

Another one.

The billionaire founder of Amazon is among a group of investors that agreed Friday to buy a minority stake in Liverpool football.

The consortium is acquiring about a 33% stake in Liverpool in a deal that values the Premier League team at more than $7 billion.

The deal is the latest example of the enduring appeal of top professional sports teams from the world's wealthiest.

The consortium buying a stake in Liverpool is led by Amit Batia, son-in-law of Indian Steel Tycoon.

Let's give it up for tycoons.

One of the best words, one of the most underrated words, tycoon.

I'm trying to bring that back.

Very aspirational.

You know you've made it when you're a tycoon.

Bezos is participating in the deal through K-5 Global.

A firm that we have not have.

Tycoon has got to be above billionaire.

Because there's plenty of people that they start a company.

They get lucky.

They sell it at the top.

But I would say that Michael and Brian, GPs over K-5, are emerging tycoons.

I think so.

I think they're on the path to being tycoons.

I think so.

Would you rather be a tycoon or a magnate?

Ooh.

I think magnate's underrated.

Magnate is.

Tycoon is more aura.

Yeah, tycoon feels like you really control the industry.

Magnate feels a little bit like

could be sion adjacent potentially.

You know, might just be important,

but one of many.

Tycoon is singular,

a little more singular in its dominance of the industry.

I like a tycoon.

Anyway, CRM Tycoon, Mark Benioff,

hit the timeline with a question.

Should Salesforce rebrand as Salesforce Slack

to capture its AI era power in bots,

coding,

Watch this video because this video is sure to fire you up.

Okay.

Let's do it.

Salesforce slack.

That's a bit of a mouth.

Let's see.

Salesforce.

One of the greatest names ever.

Salesforce.

Forceful.

I love Salesforce.

They do a lot more than sales, though.

And a lot of people use Slack.

So which way we're going?

Okay.

Ooh, good license.

Some good brand exploration.

Wait.

Put him on the tower.

Put him on the tower.

Just do it.

Is that going to happen?

Okay.

You put him on the tower.

We did.

He already did?

At least an AI.

Okay.

I can't tell if it's VFX or not.

Salesforce Slack.

Salesforce Slack.

Yeah, so interesting response.

Currently 68% of the voters say no.

Yeah.

They're rejecting Salesforce Slack.

Yeah.

It is a mouthful.

I do think sales force.

Force is iconic. I understand Mark's position, right? He's battling. Why not? Saspocalypse

narrative. Yep. Slack is, no one's been sitting there saying, you know, we're going to move

off. Slack. No intern has ever tried to vibe code Slack here. Yeah, it is funny. You can,

you can one shot a version of Slack. But adoption was tricky. High churn. We didn't use it. It

looked like Slack. We tried to vibe code Slack. And the

product looked really good. It even added video calling, which was sort of crazy functionality.

It's certainly there. Sebastian says,

Jordy does not remembering Metallica songs in front of Mark, keep you awake.

Yeah. Why not Slackforce? Why not just call it Slack Force? Is that bad? Am I on to something or no?

Slack force. It's less wordy than Salesforce Slack, but it hits both Slack and Salesforce.

Still forceful.

Yes, no?

If you had to pick, Salesforce, Slack or Slackforce?

Which one are you going with?

Slackforce vote over there.

What about just the San Francisco Slackers?

The San Francisco Slackers?

What about just Force.com?

What about S.com?

S?

Salesforce and Slack.

The one-letter domain?

I like just going force.

Just force.

Force would be a great name for a workplace messaging tool.

Yeah.

Force.

It's on force.

It's on Bebo.

Did you check force?

I sent you a message on force.

How did you get that project done?

I forced it.

I forced it down the throats of my employees.

I was forceful.

You're being a little forceful right now.

A little bit too many messages on force.

Yeah, it's interesting.

I mean, best estimate of Slack's

current revenue is in the

two two and a half billion

dollar range

Salesforce overall revenue

is uh north of 40

right it's still a

not a huge amount of the revenue

but clearly

you know that video they've done a lot of exploration

they're thinking about it

they're thinking about it so between final answer

between Salesforce

keep it classic force

force dot com

Salesforce slack

and Slack Force, which one are you going with?

Salesforce.

Oh, you're staying with Salesforce.

What about you, Tyler?

I like Slack Force.

You like Slack Force.

I think Salesforce Slack is the worst of all of those.

Okay.

Okay.

You would rank that last.

I think that Salesforce is an iconic brand

that's waiting to be revitalized.

I think some of the marketing historically

has just been somewhat,

I'm not going to say it, boomer-coded.

I said it.

Like, just the random, just the random, like, Matthew McConaughey being, you know.

It's iconic.

He's iconic, but I think that there's more that they can do to properly cherish the sales force.

Yeah, when I see Matthew McConaughey in a Salesforce ad, I do think I need to buy a Lincoln Navigator, which is maybe like a bad sign.

Oh, yeah, because he's also.

Yeah, he has that amazing Lincoln where he's driving, giving the talk.

Oh, it's such a good ad.

And that one was such a good ad that it was parody in SNL by Jim Carrey, I believe.

And so it had a whole like meta story to it.

It really broke through.

And so I think what you're getting at is they need to get, you know,

Timothy Chalmay or Jacob Allorty to be the new face.

That'd be great.

Someone, a zoomer actor.

Yeah, Zoomer actor would be good.

Fifth option.

What if he rebrands the whole thing to just Benny Off and Come?

I like that.

Would that be your top?

Buy Benioff.

Benioff.

Benioff.

Software solutions you can depend on.

He's a singular founder, CEO.

He's not a hired gun.

He's not going anywhere.

It's his one major project.

He doesn't have other companies.

Yeah, another point.

They just had Mr. Beast do a commercial, though, according to Jay.

Yeah.

The challenge is like that, that commercial,

I don't know any people that unironically watch Mr. Beast that buy enterprise

software.

Yeah.

And so it just felt like super random.

Well, I, I unironically watch Mr. Beast, but as a student of the craft of YouTube video creation.

Yes.

And I will be like, wow, okay.

How is he using CGI?

How is he editing?

Yeah.

But the majority of the audience are not sitting there saying, oh, Mr. Beast, I got to use Salesforce CRM because Mr. Beast promoted it.

Yeah.

They're not thinking about CRMs.

There's a little bit of like, I guess if you get people really young and they get

to work and they're in Slack, they have a positive connotation, they go and start

companies and they start with Slack and then they grow from there. But that's a long

growth. G.R. says Salesforce by Benioff. Sales by Benioff. Sales by Benioff. Sales by Benioff. Sales by

Bennyoff is like a high fashion. Mark by Mark Jacob. Mark by Mark Benioff.

Slack by Mark Benioff. You didn't even start the company. Yeah, I would not give up. I

I still think Salesforce is a great name.

Anyway.

Okay.

So let's go to Mitchell Hashimoto, founder of Hashimoto, Hashimoto.

Hashi Corp.

He says, I'm so incredibly tired of seeing low effort, AI designed web pages.

I basically bounce off any new product immediately when I see it.

Never get a chance to judge the product itself.

Lots of thin lines, glowy styles, inconsistent fonts, lots of mono space.

You know who you.

are.

And Jordan Singer says, this is an instant sign that I won't want to use your product.

If you can't take the time to craft something that should sell me, I can't trust that you took the time for the rest of the product.

Interesting.

What do you think about slop pages?

I think the AI design web pages are best when it's part of the point.

Like it's like, it's specifically like a product that would never exist without,

slop generation.

And so it's like, oh, you made a whole

interactive video game for your friends.

You can figure out a unique design

and still implement it quickly using AI.

But if you just try to one shot it,

then, yeah, it's low effort.

It's the same thing with like the Sunoz story

of like, I'm not really listening to like

actual heavy metal generated by Suno.

But give me a song about John Quinn,

the most feared lawyer from Quinn

Immanuel that's heavy metal,

I'm in. And I actually am listening to that song,

but only because it can only exist

in the context of the AI.

Petra says, depends on who you're selling to.

99% of the time, ugly sites

perform better. Good

point, but I would say that these

AI generated websites

are trying to look like

super beautiful,

interactive. I would

actually like, you know,

the AI website that

And you generated a Berkshire.

You generated like a clone of Berkshire.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That probably would perform well.

Yeah.

If you...

It also would have taken like five minutes to hand code because it's such a simple website.

But it was fun.

And it was my first introduction to like vibe coding like a front end website based on a style guide.

I've since gone on and built other vibe coded websites.

And I don't try and act like they're not vibe coded.

Like they lean into the idea of the fact that this is a website that would never exist in reality and only make sense as a vibe coded product.

Speaking of vibe coded products, if you vibe coded a product and you're trying to launch it, don't use another AI company's phone farm.

Phone farm.

Oh, is that weird?

I thought that's weird.

No, I was talking about this post where someone tried to introduce like Claude for marketing and they're clearly using the Claude trademark against Anthropics.

No, but what I'm saying, don't do that.

No, I mean, part of why I think it was maybe deleted is it they delete, the video was deleted now,

but this was a video of a company that made basically a robot that you put over a real phone,

and it's an undetectable way to drive engagement online using phone farms, basically.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So this company is called phonefarm.

Dot AI is a website.

and they say run unlimited accounts on autopilot post 10,000 videos a day.

So if you're a creator out there, you're trying to put out of 10,000 videos,

really trying to, you know, get your reps in.

You can just do that in a day.

You don't need to spend years honing your craft or anything like that.

You can just do it all at once.

But yeah, it does seem, yeah, it's so funny the way they sell this, viral content manufactured.

This has been going on a ton with launch videos where you'll see a launch video that just has, you know, a thousand, like a thousand reposts and there's not really any real engagement.

So I don't think this stuff works and you're not really tricking anyone except other bots.

Here's the video.

Let's pull it up.

Let's see.

It's coming.

Cell phone.

Oh, that's a good one.

Yeah, here we go.

Look at this, John.

Okay.

And is this a device that you can buy or is this a service that you pay them to do?

You can, it sounds like you can get a cloud version of it, but you also.

Sounds like they'll also sell you the robot.

This is the dead internet thesis now.

It's not just dead internet theory.

It's how do we make money off of this.

Is there any good use of this technology?

What is the white pill?

It seems extremely adversarial.

I can come up with was be as a joke sending you a thousand positive comments on your last

Instagram post or something and you're just like why is this going viral but even that is likely to

sort of nuke your account when it's discovered that you're followed by bots and stuff.

Dead internet reality yeah Cooper no white pillow we're trying buddy we're trying here we're doing

our best um testing testing testing

Quality assurance testing. If you are Instagram, you want to run your app across a bunch of different devices for a very long time, see if there's a memory leak, having a bunch of phones in the cloud makes sense. So testing, testing is the only viable white pill here, maybe? I don't know. Can you come up with that?

No. Yeah. I don't know.

Rough.

Rough.

Anyway, speaking of cell phones.

Just do make great things, do make content that's interesting.

And you'll get real attention.

The funny thing with, yeah, the funny thing with, like, people are very immune to this stuff right now.

So if they see a product launch and it has 5,000 likes and 1,000 reposts, they're still human.

Yeah.

If they, maybe it makes them like engage more for a second with the content.

because it's in their feed.

They're like, what is this?

But the thing still has to be great.

And if you make something great,

you'll just naturally get the attention as a byproduct.

Yeah, good point.

Well, this is a good post to close on.

Self-own. Self-own.

They played us for absolute fools.

What did they mean by calling the cell phone so close to self-own?

No.

have a great weekend. Have a great rest of your Friday. Have a great two weeks. We're taking a vacation.

We will be back in September, everyone. We play the wamp. No, we, we, the end of August, we are taking a two-week break from the show.

We'll be back in September. We have a whole bunch of crazy stuff lined up for the new season. We're very excited for that. We will be,

be back in September. So sign for a newsletter. Leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Say goodbye to Ben Macklin. We'll see you next summer, Ben. And we'll be back in the fall for fall.

Yeah, I know. It's very Eurocoded of us. Yeah, it's, it's on it's on we don't enjoy.

We don't enjoy taking time off around here. We rarely do. But we think it's important to give

the whole team.

a proper break.

This work is relentless.

You cannot rest on any laurels,

even if you have a bunch of laurels at the office,

you start resting on them.

There's no show.

And so we figure to be good to let the whole team take some time away.

And I can't wait to be back already.

We love, we absolutely love what we do.

Yeah, that's great.

And it's a blessing.

and counting down the days.

Counting down the days.

Just like how many more sleeps is it?

Like 16, 17.

Something like that.

Something like that.

So we'll be reminding the team every day.

Just 16 more sleeps, everybody.

Have a good week.

Have a good next week.

Yeah.

Enjoy the last couple weeks of like proper summer.

I feel like September comes around.

It's over.

It's over.

It's time to get back in the mines.

We will be back.

We'll see you soon.

We love you guys.

Cheers.

November 1st.