=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: All-In ===
Titel: All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg - Charles & Chase Koch on How They Quietly Built a $150B Empire
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/all-in-with-chamath-jason-sacks-friedberg/charles-chase-koch-on-how-they-quietly-built-a-150b-empire
Datum: 2026-05-13
Länge: ~82k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

besties: https://x.com/chamath https://x.com/Jason https://x.com/DavidSacks https://x.com/friedberg Follow on X: https://x.com/theallinpod Follow on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/theallinpod Follow on TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@theallinpod Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/allinpod Intro Music Credit: https://rb.gy/tppkzl https://x.com/yung_spielburg Intro Video Credit: https://x.com/TheZachEffect

Read less

Transcript

Discussion

(0)

What an honor to be here. Thank you for hosting us, Forbes, and welcome.

This will be put out of the all-in interview, so I'm really excited to share this conversation

with everyone on the world, on the internet, and to get some time with Charles Koch, Chase Koch.

Chase and I have known each other since 2013 when we overlapped in the agriculture industry,

got to know each other. We've been business partners, and Charles and I have gotten to know

each other a few times over the years, but I'm really excited for this conversation tonight.

So Charles, thank you for being here.

Thanks for having us.

It's an honor.

Every few years, a new ad channel opens before the market catches on.

That's axon.a.i right now.

The AI ad platform behind one of the biggest runs in tech with access to over a billion

daily active users.

Full-screen video ads in mobile games watched for a median of 35 seconds.

Businesses are profitably spending hundreds of thousands of dollars a day on it,

and most advertisers don't even know it exists yet.

The window is open.

at axon.a.ai slash all in.

In Silicon Valley entrepreneurs

and even mature company CEOs

always like to learn about the story of other businesses

and the success of those businesses.

And I've always felt like Coke Industries

was that untold story.

Probably the most profitable, private, family-owned business in the world.

Maybe I'm off on a couple points, but certainly up there.

And one of the most impressive business stories

because of the evolution of the business,

which I'm hopeful we can hear a little bit

about how that evolution came to be tonight.

And just for some statistics, if Coke were publicly traded,

the revenue would put it easily in the top 25 of the Fortune 500.

It's a family-owned business based out of Wichita.

Founded in 1940 by Fred Koch,

with businesses ranging from energy, agriculture, chemicals,

building products, consumer products, even cloud computing.

And a very active minority investment portfolio,

with 120,000 plus employees, that statistic might be off across 60 countries.

Very unique operating model, which we'll get into today,

including principles around disruptive innovation of the business,

reinvesting 90% of profits in new businesses and growth,

meritocratic values.

And I'm hopeful that tonight we can take an opportunity to hear about

the evolution of the business and talk about some of those principles.

And maybe we can get started, Charles.

If you could give us a sense of the scale of the business,

what are the business lines that you have,

operate today and maybe you know provide a little more color to those high-level

statistics I shared today I can go back through some of the history and the failures

and successes but I'll go through what we've grown since the early

1960s and then we had 300 employees now we have more than 130,000 and in

in 60 countries and we have increased in value 9,000 times over that period.

When did you join the business?

In 1961, full time I'd been working.

Well, my father, we lived on a farm and he told me at age six he didn't want me to be a country club bum.

So it made me work in all my spare time, which I hated.

hated and so I was always in trouble and and so he was kind of tough on me rightfully so and and

thank God he did years later I asked him pop why were you so much tougher on me than you

were all my younger brothers and he said son you plumb wore me out when you came into the

business what was the scope of the business what was the business operating we had two

businesses one was to design and make fractionating trays that is that they

separate liquids by differences in boiling points and then our largest business

was a crude oil gathering system in in Oklahoma and and so so my father and

I was I finished

just a few years earlier finished MIT.

And I was working for Arthur D. Little,

then a leading consulting firm, and I was,

and you'll think this is a joke at age 25,

I was doing management consulting.

I mean, I have to laugh at the absurdity of that.

But they were paying me for it, believe it or not.

So my father called me and he said, son,

I want you to come back and join the business, and as tough as he had been on me, and as I say rightly so, I decline.

So he called me a few weeks later, and he said, son, either you come back to run the company,

or I'm going to have to sell it, because my health is bad, and the companies aren't doing well,

and I don't have long to live.

So I agreed because I, well, for a number of reasons.

The first one is I got three degrees at MIT in engineering, and I sucked as an engineer.

I mean, get that.

And so how did you get through MIT?

Because I was real good at the math and the science and the theory.

And I was no good at making or operating things.

So I figured out pretty quickly that I wasn't going

to make it as an engineer, so I need to be an entrepreneur.

And because I was good at principles.

And that's why we led, so I was always looking for principles

that would help me contribute and succeed.

And that's what transformed our company.

So you come into the business, a couple hundred employees, you said?

300 employees.

And how did you think was the mandate to grow the business?

Was it just to keep it stable?

No, no, it was.

Could I take a few minutes and go through those first two businesses?

Your show, I'm in.

Yeah, that sounds great.

Okay, the first one was making fractionating trays, designing those.

We had a president then who was one of our principles you don't want to be.

The negative is top down and obsessed with controlling everybody.

So he would send out memos every week demanding on what they spent, how did you spend it

on, what did you do, did you do this right?

So they were frustrated.

Matter of fact, they started ignoring him.

And then the whole culture was protectionist.

That is, when they sold the internals for a fractionating tower,

they wouldn't tell them the design.

And we need to know the design so we can correct it.

No, they wouldn't give it to them.

And then what's even worse, to satisfy the European market,

they didn't even build a plant there,

They had multiple subcontractors, do parts of a tray,

and then bring them all together and assemble

with another contractor.

Now, you can imagine how that was for speed and cost.

So we were losing our ass, if you excuse the expression.

And so I changed the management and changed the philosophy.

OK, the first thing we're going to focus on

is creating value for our customers.

And then the second thing, we're going to empower our employees

so they want to do this.

And the third thing, we're going to do a plant.

We're going to build a plant in Italy

to satisfy the European market.

We're going to do it all ourselves.

And so we became profitable.

And then we started adding.

related products.

And I'll get to that later, but,

and so we started growing.

Can I ask a question?

Yeah.

You come in at 25 plus or minus a little bit,

and you see the problems at the business.

It's not profitable.

It's not being well managed.

And you overturn the management team.

How did you have the confidence at this age

coming with the experience you had

to take that level of action?

that quickly. Well, it was life or death. And my father said, you can run this business any way

you want. The only thing you need my approval on is to sell. That's the way he talked me into

coming back after I said I didn't want to. Or I wasn't going to. And then, and then in 1970,

Wendy, what really helped is my younger brother David,

joined the business and then he continued that growth.

And then you're now running a profitable operation,

you've got a European business,

and at that point did you start to think about expanding

into other products and other?

Well, that's it.

And this is, so I was learning all these different principles.

And what I saw we were doing, not here, not just

here, but in other things, is we were building capabilities.

That is, I looked at it, we need to be capability-bounded,

not industry-bounded.

Like, okay, you could say to a certain extent,

because we were in Kruillardgathering, we're in the oil industry.

Oh, that means everybody would say you need to be an integrated oil

company, you need to be in everything.

And I was applying to visual labor by comparative advantage.

No, you need to be an integrated oil company.

need to be in the part of the industry and the part of the value chain where you can

create more value than others. Otherwise you're going to fail. And that's what we're seeing

happening now. There's more specialization by comparative advantage. And so that's what,

so I started this, created this principle called creating virtuous cycles of mutual

benefit and what that led us to do is to to to start this never-ending cycle of

of growth innovation success and failures and failures that when we did it right that we

learned from and made us better and taught us better and taught us better

better how to apply principles to create value. And we're still going through that. We have a lot of

failures. And that's when you apply creative destruction and your new things. If you're not failing

at everything, you're not doing anything new. Where did you learn that lesson? So what was the first

major failure that, you know, they always say you got a plan until you get punched in the

face? What was the first punch in the face? Well, I had a bunch of them with that company.

It was called Coke Engineering then.

Like I said, okay, when we got into refining, we created petroleum coke.

So I said, well, let's come up with a way to use that as base to make activated carbon.

And that was a fair amount of money on that.

And we had a whole bunch of those.

And we've had many more.

How did you make the decision to shut it down or walk away at some point?

A lot of entrepreneurs have this problem.

and they build something, they're too in love with it,

and they don't know when to say enough is enough.

Yeah, well, when enough is enough,

when we lose our ass enough.

No, it's when we decide we don't have the capability

to create superior value for our customers

and that we're going to be rewarding for.

And sometimes it can be the structure of a business.

Like a company that case found a cult disruptive technology,

technology insight tech it's been it does tremendous things but it is a structure that

makes it hard to make it profitable and so so that's the other thing is so so that's

another these are principles that we've learned okay we didn't apply that what

were the principles that we didn't apply that caused us to fail that's what I

mean we learned from failure so the businesses where you asked the businesses

we're in now and Jason there's Koch people here you all can catch me up if I

the ones I miss but we have engineered projects engineering construction we

have we build solar plants we have commodity trading and and distribution we have

fertilizers we have refined products we have chemicals

and polymers, we have glass, we have forest and consumer products.

We have four different investment firms with different comparative advantages, and we have

electrical products, and we have software systems for management.

Dave, let me just hit one point.

Did I miss it?

No, you got it.

You did a great job.

Oh, well, boy.

Basically, like eight wholly owned business unit platforms that he described and then four investment, different businesses.

But I just wanted to kind of really drill a point home because when I came out, and when I started really hanging out with you in the whole tech community and trying to like build that network, a lot of people have the same question that you did about.

who is Coke, what are you guys all about? You know, I know it's a large private business, but being in

Wichita, we don't know that much about it. I think this point that is so different about Coke

versus almost any other company out there is what my father said on being capability bounded,

not industry bounded. And, you know, how do you get from a small crude oil gathering company

in Southern Oklahoma to all of those businesses that he described? And there's, I mean, the

principles, obviously, throughout, which we'll be talking about in this discussion, but one of the

absolute core differences is that whole approach to capabilities. And I would encourage anyone that's

in a business in trying to scale. Think about it from that lens. What capabilities have I demonstrated

that I can add value to customers and then point it at new industries where I can experiment?

This is one of our principles as well, experimental discovery,

not trying to do everything at once and trying to conquer the world,

but experiment and test, does the customer value my product or not?

And then along the way, you know, those core capabilities for us

started off as operations, logistics, trading.

In the very early days of Coke, that's what we demonstrated we were good at.

We were getting great customer feedback.

But then when we had the capability approach to say, okay, we started in energy, we started

in crude oil gathering pipelines and refineries, can we point those same capabilities into

natural gas?

Can we point those into chemicals?

Let's experiment there.

Can we point those into fertilizers?

Because then we learned about natural gas.

And then the Georgia Pacific opportunity comes along.

And it's like, hey, these are wood products.

It doesn't seem similar to these other businesses,

but it's the same core capabilities.

We buy Georgia Pacific, and along the way,

it was somewhat of a happy accident,

that we started learning about consumer products and branding.

So branding became a new capability for Coke

through acquisition, but it started with,

where do we think we can add value and do a good job on that,

and collect new capabilities along the way.

So I think that's like a really simple way to think,

about Coke and it's over the course of time like how we're different one other

thing I'll mention too because I've been asked many times it's like well so is

it sort of like you know a Berkshire Hathaway where you have all these different

businesses a conglomerate and I would say no I mean obviously Warren Buffett

and his team have done an unbelievable job operating the business the way they

have but we think about our business very differently instead of operating them

all as independent businesses and almost like in silos, think about it as a Republic of Science.

We're not a conglomerate. We're an integrated set of capabilities.

Was it fair to say that you wouldn't consider an acquisition or a new business line if there

wasn't some relatedness to an existing competency at the company?

It depends. I mean, as you see where you read the book, we went through one chapter on

creative destruction and what Schumpeter called all the different ways to do that and one is to create a new

management approach. Okay, that's our biggest one. So the question is when we bought Molex,

it makes electrical connectors, which has done fantastic. And at first, it wasn't doing great.

So we said, we think if we can get them to apply these principles, it will turn them around.

And we didn't, the problem when we do that, the tendency is to learn the lingo.

And so you can call everything by these names, and you still do what you always did.

And that's what was going on there.

And so finally we got in, no, we had changed the management.

and once we did that and and and and and they started applying these principles they took off and now they're knocking it out of the park but let me go back to failures I because I'm I mean we're understating our great strength and failures and that is I'll give you our worst failures and what caused it and it caused us by by violating

the principle of hiring people first on values and second on talent.

And what I've for years I've told our people, look, if you want to hire somebody with bad

values because you like them or something, hire them slow and stupid, and so we can catch them

real quick and get them the hell out. Maybe get them to go to work for our competitors or something.

Maybe help them get a job. But anyway, that was huge. And then we made that even worse by

by taking people who had terrible values and made them leaders. And so what we call that

is rather than we want everybody in the company to be contribution motivated, that I want to succeed

by contributing, I want to be rewarded for my contributions, not for anything else. And the value

I create for our customers or for the future. And so they would, some of these people were

destructively motivated. What they wanted was power or control, and they would hire.

their failures and make up their successes and so I'll give you two examples

one goes back to 1973 you remember the war in the Middle East and everything and

they had gotten us into all kinds of wild reckless trades so that could have

bankrupted the company and then later because I mean much later so shows you

that repetition penetrates even the dullest of mind,

so I needed this to happen a bunch of times.

So finally, okay, I got it.

I got it, God, don't punish me anymore, please.

For my stupid mistakes.

So this was, we did it about the same time, our ag group.

We put leaders in who were destructively motivated,

and then refining.

We got in a leader,

and they were destroying those businesses.

And so it didn't almost bankrupted,

but it almost wiped out all of Koch's earnings

in the late 1990s.

So does that give you a flavor?

Yeah.

So you'll appreciate this being an ag guy

to go a little deeper on what happened in the late 90s

in our ag business.

business, we called it a strategy that gas to bread spread.

So we wanted to basically be in every element of the value chain all the way from pulling

the natural gas out of the ground, converting it into fertilizer, making the nitrogen products

to grow the crops that would ultimately then end up on the grocery store shelves and

being bred.

We got in pizza crusts, all this crazy stuff.

When you look back on it, like, what the hell are you doing, right?

But it was what he was saying is like leadership thinking about we can do anything.

And if we could like basically kind of control the entire value chain, like we can make

that successful, completely violates probably all 41 principles in the book, right?

Experimental discovery, knowing where your capabilities are, right people, right roles.

And so that we called it the gas to bread spread.

people called the as to bread spread too.

And there's another one in their integrity.

Because when they knew there were losses in some of these and then they wouldn't tell

us they wanted to go ahead anyway.

We had a deal within that, you know, like puring a dog food.

So one of the things that was acquired was the large animal feed.

Mainly hogs.

It was mainly hog.

Yeah, so hog feed.

And did no diligence.

and this is one of our principles,

to apply the scientific method.

So disprove your hypothesis as much as you try to prove it.

And so we closed that acquisition,

and within days we found out that we had hundreds of millions

of out of the money hog contracts.

We didn't even look at the contracts.

So, I mean, that's when I think this is really important

for founders that want to grow, right?

You have this growth at all-cost mindset,

and you start not asking why not,

and this is the kind of trouble that you get yourself in.

So let's go back to the management piece.

How do you take these principles which you've applied successfully to,

I would use the term iterate,

because for me, like failure is all about iteration to success

and finding paths that work,

finding businesses at work,

and ultimately finding people that work.

But how do you drive that culture that represents the principles?

Because you could create a book and give it to all your employees

and say, guys, here's 41 principles.

we've sat down, we've thought about it, we've written them, they're going to work.

But to actually live them, to realize them, to hold people not just responsible but accountable

to them, how did you do that as you develop these over the decades?

Because at first we tried to get them to do it through sheep dipping.

That is, you take everybody in, you give them a big seminar and I'll go do this.

And from Palani, if you want to read a book that's hard.

to read, I mean if you want really hard when you read human action, this is even harder

to call Personal Knowledge by Michael Polanyi who was a chemist and then became a philosopher.

And he goes through what it takes to develop personal knowledge.

It's you have to rewire your brain to have it work differently, right?

You have a habit, so you don't need to think about it.

And then if you want to change, like, do I brush my teeth first or I comb my hair first?

No, I want to start combing my hair first.

And all of a sudden, you're back brushing your teeth first because you're not thinking about it.

And so because your brain gets, I mean, you know your body.

Let's say you're a weightlifter and you want to be a marathoner.

Okay, it's going to take work with intensity over time to change your body.

well your brain's part of your body so you've got to do the same thing so we said okay we've got to

start with so okay let's find a group that's really interested in this they're struggling they're

having problems and here are the principles and we'll coach them we'll help them start doing it

and if they work with intensity on it and then they succeed then we don't need ship to be because then the

other businesses and capabilities says, gosh, I'd like to do that. So you don't need to call them in.

Then we have more demand for people who can help them. And the hardest thing is have our people

in strategy or our principal-based management group who are really good at helping them. And boy,

they're in more demand than anybody. So the best thing is success will drive social mimicry.

You'll see others.

That's it.

Here's another take on what he's saying that I think really connects about culture to your question.

And that is like the essence of like principle-based management and all the principles in this book as well.

It's like, what if you could have a business and a culture, small, medium or large, where everyone knew what to do without being told?

And so that's hard to get your head around, right?

Because I think most businesses come at it from top down.

There's the iconic leader that's the smartest guy in the room, building the strategy,

and then telling everyone what to do.

And so I think one of the most important principles in this that we tell a lot of stories around

is to flip that on its head.

And it's about bottom-up empowerment with principles and empowering your talent, your team,

your leaders with these principles.

so that then you use the collective knowledge of everyone,

not a couple smart guys at the top of the company.

Most people in most enterprises that aren't owner operators don't want to fail,

they want to keep their job,

they want to move up the ladder by being repeatedly successful.

And if you want to create a culture of creative destruction,

if you want to create a culture of failing and learning from failure,

it's very hard to get individuals who live on an income, on a salary,

to do that because if they fail, if they fail,

and then they fail again, and they fail again,

I'm worried about losing my job.

So what you typically see in most scaled organizations

is middle management and even senior management

when founders or owners don't operate it anymore,

saying I'm going to take the less risky path.

I'm going to do the less creatively destructive thing.

I'm going to do the thing that's least likely to fail

because I don't want to lose my job.

I want to keep my job, get my bonus, move on to year two

and go home to my kids and my wife

and take care of the family or whatever the family situation is.

And that's my objective.

See, and that approach creates perverse incentives.

And so we try to align our incentives that we want to reward people

according to their overall contribution to Coke's future.

So, for example, if they have an experiment,

and that doesn't mean doing this thing in ag where you buy all these hogs

and you lose hundreds of millions of dollars over what,

that's not an experiment.

It's an experiment, a good experiment is where the value,

you, what you learn from this is higher value

from this failure than the cost of the experiment.

And so when we do that, and we're evaluating what the person,

you are building capability for the future.

That's why we put so much emphasis on,

are you building capability?

And capability part of it is the culture.

And what Chase did with Coke Labs, when he started

Coke Disruptive, he said, Coke Labs,

I want every business to be a laboratory

for what we find, both to help us source these opportunities,

these tech opportunities, and then we'll let,

we'll, if they're just trying something, we'll try it out in that business.

And being in all these different businesses that touch almost every part of the economy,

it gives us a big advantage in that.

But that affected the whole culture.

I mean, on your business, don't you want to be part of Coke Labs?

We're an experimental discovery group.

We're just not a bunch of grunts here grinding stuff out.

Yeah, I think the KDT examples are really good.

one because you asked about motivating and like what if you fail and then what if you get

fired and all that we we tried to basically take a little bit of the Silicon

Valley approach and bring the you know of experimental discovery you learn more

and you can pivot and learn have a failure but then now I know what I don't want to

do I'm gonna pivot my strategy to what may be worried I'm gonna keep trying as long

as you don't go sink the company with some massive bet right and I think

KDT was a great experience like

I call, you know, when we did that, when we made those first investments, you know this

adventure, the losers fall out first, and the winners take a hell of a lot longer to

materialize. So if we would have just judged it based on, okay, guys, you got three or four

years to figure this out, we would have shut down KDT because we, you have the, but it was

that experimental discovery principle and mindset that we applied to it. And oh, by the way, we were

we were learning so much as Coke from seeing the technologies that were coming around the corner

that might disrupt our core business. And so we value that learning and we rewarded the people

that were bringing that knowledge in. If you just look at it on the bottom line basis in the

first couple of years, you say, just shut this down. Right? But then over time, like all these

different things and then the returns are starting to come because we thought long term about it.

But it all came from that experimental discovery, one principle, and then creative destructions.

Like if we're not in the game on technology and we don't see what's coming, something's going to happen, especially with how fast technology is moving today.

Some of our businesses are going to become dinosaurs.

How much of that risk were you willing to take and did you take on acquisitions?

So doing homegrown experiments on new business ideas and strategies and products can be lower cost.

But if you're going to do an acquisition, do you have less room for?

Well, how about this? We were a much smaller company and we bought Georgia Pacific for 20 billion.

Can you just tell us what Georgia Pacific is for those who don't know?

It's a wood products company and it's got two big pieces to it, building products and consumer products.

Well, it's got a third one, but yeah. Okay, I'm generalized. But go ahead.

Sorry, no, no, no, I'll shut up. Shut up, the old guy.

No, no, no. But anyway. But anyway.

Anyway, but on that one.

So when did you buy it?

Yeah.

And how big of betting the company move was that?

The 2005.

Yeah, we were much smaller in 2005.

I can't remember how much smaller, but it was a lot smaller.

It was a massive bet.

How did come up?

Okay, we were applying this virtual cycles of mutual benefit.

We were saying, okay, what's one of these, these,

cycles are chemical process industries and and wood-creating the pulp and stuff was matter of fact we found

in my my father's thesis he he did a study in Maine on this very thing on pulping I mean I found it later

but that it didn't hit the MIT thesis yeah yeah wow so we said okay let's look at the oh and they were

were saying they need to spend off some of those parts, the pulping part. And we said,

okay, let's buy that. And we bought that as an experiment, and we did real wealth with it.

And so we said, wow, they have other, because that was a commodity business and they were trying

to get their price of earnings ratio. It was like six. And if they became more of a consumer

products they could get it up to nine. So we proposed, we met with them and proposed that we

buy the commodity part and we'll pay them a high enough price that then they can be all consumer products

and get their price and we showed them all the economics and they said that's fine but we'll be

sued for constructive fraud because we all have all these lawsuits against us.

And so we can't do it, but we like the value.

And so we went home and said, well, okay, what if we just offered the whole thing?

And a couple of them were getting ready to retire and the senior officers,

so they were really liking it.

And they were kicked out of all the board meetings from that on.

But anyway, so we sold them, and that was the time when money was tight and stuff,

so nobody came in and topped us.

I'll give you just one funny story.

We sent one of our people to be the CEO, Joe Mueller,

who had been president of their company.

and

and he

they had

it was totally top down

bureaucratic

they were in Atlanta

they had this 51 story

building was it 51

you can correct me that's right yeah you got it

and

they had a private elevator

to get up there and you

didn't have to wear a coat and tie but you

if you came up to visit all the

management was on this 51st floor and you had to put on a coat and tie and get permission to

come up there and so Joe immediately kicked them all out where we fired a bunch of them and then

set the remaining ones down to work with their groups and the regular floor and then regular floor

and then turned it all into offices I mean into meeting rooms open to anybody and so that I mean you

ask about how you get culture changed

A lot of business signals like that, particularly when a bunch of them get fired for being so bureaucratic and hierarchical.

Would you say that that business unit operates like the rest of Coke Industries today?

Oh, absolutely.

But how long they take part?

I'll just say, like, that is such a rare and difficult thing to pull off.

I mean, there's just countless stories of acquisitions where the acquirer thinks that they have culture,

thinks that they know how to transfer culture, and literally no one seems to be able to do it.

this was one of the insights from Warren Buffett is you find great managers, you let him continue

to operate as owners of that business, and they get some profit share or whatnot, and they've got

a durable moat so he can make a long-term investment, and he just leaves them.

Yeah.

Yeah, but that's why.

Say, that wouldn't work for us, the stuff we buy.

No, well, let me give another one, if I could that was even more difficult, and that is,

uh, uh, sadly my, my father died.

not too long after I came with the company in 1967,

and we had owned an interest in a small refinery in Minnesota.

But two years later, we were able to buy it.

And it was not being operated very well

because the management had let the union control how it was run,

and so it was run very inefficiently.

And so the first thing we tried to do is change the work rules.

So they went out on strike.

And by the way, that was at the start of my honeymoon.

Thanks a lot, guys.

And it was violent.

I mean, they ran a switch engine and tried to knock down one of our units.

They shot high-power rifles in there, and they blocked the gates.

I mean, it was impossible to get in there.

we had to take helicopter but we we were successful in operating without the union workers

for nine months bringing people in from our other plants and it operated better than they did

so finally we got the work rules changed and then we then we said okay we're going to empower

the employees we're going to change the culture now you think it's just

Georgia Pacifici was tough.

This was much tougher than that.

And so we worked and worked on it

to try to make their jobs better,

get their opinions, get them to work as teams,

get them to come up with innovations.

And when they did, we reward them,

and we got the unions to agree with that.

And like one, they said, a group of them said,

God, we're buying all these spare parts we need.

We can, if you build a machine shop, we can do it cheaper and faster.

And they did.

And then other things, they saved a ton of money for us, made things more efficient.

And now the culture there is fantastic.

I mean, we're talking about, we're not talking about Wichita.

We're talking about Minnesota.

So, I mean, we're so proud of what they've done, and it just, it still blows me away how much they've taken these principles to heart and using them to make that place.

So it's so we've increased the capacity tenfold, and it's one of the best refineries in the country.

Pop, wouldn't you say that, I mean, the common theme on all of these, because we have the same story on Molex, you know,

Similar but different than Georgia Pacific.

This was a technology company, a connector and cabling and connector company,

one of the largest in the world that makes products in your iPhone and MedTech products,

your automobile.

And when we bought that in 2013, it was a paradigm that needed to be changed.

You described Georgia Pacific top down versus bottom up.

There was a lot of that too.

But it was top line thinking versus bottom line thinking.

it was all about revenue growth, right? This is a technology company, and it was also a public

company for 30 plus years as well. Because that's what the market rewarded them for. And so,

like, the whole, the public versus private discussion is interesting here. And it's just, what we've

learned is it takes a hell of all longer than you think to change the culture. And almost in every

case, I mean, Pop, tell me if you agree with this, but in almost every case, it requires changing

leadership that has the paradigm of bottom-up empowerment and that learns and applies the principles.

Almost every time when we fail, it comes down to ignoring the principles. That's what the book is

about. You can kind of reverse engineer these stories like, well, we miss that principle,

we miss this principle. But it comes down to talent and the right people with the right mindset.

I want to share just one story with you that really shows like how we apply this at Cope.

he talked about our talent vision being you start with basically culture first, you know,

skills second, values first, skill second.

I always add a third dimension to that as well.

Values first, skill second credentials last.

And that is a very different mindset than most companies because most companies, I think, look at it

and say, I want the guys, you know, that have the 4-0 from the Ivy League school and all that.

And there's some incredibly smart, obviously, folks from that.

But by our experience, and also is one of the reasons why we stayed in Wichita, Kansas,

is that we can basically hire the farm team, right?

Kids that have grown up on the farm that have that contribution-motivated mindset,

that work their tails off and want to come in to make a contribution

as opposed to coming in expecting all this stuff and coming in with more of an entitlement mindset.

So we, case in point, our CIO today, his name is Jared Benson, his first interaction with

Coke was based striping lines in our parking lot.

So no college degree whatsoever, but he found his way into Coke because he demonstrated that,

hey, he knows a little bit about data science and he could help us this is about 20 years

ago.

And then ultimately he came in, he proved himself, he was running circles around a lot of the

team and like just, you know, contribution mode.

mindset, adding value. He saw the cybersecurity risk in that wave coming, built a whole capability

to protect this from cyber attacks, and then now he's CIO of the company, guy with no college

degree. So, I mean, that kind of mindset in terms of our talent vision and like that values first

and someone that just wants to come in and they just love the job and they want to make a difference.

Do you actually codify these principles and everyone at the company has a handbook?

that listed them out and then they're part of the assessment process for quarterly or annual

reviews with people yeah i mean obviously there's the book and he's this is his fifth book it's my

first but but so um good profit science of success we have my best book because of check

hey brian the one we did is pretty good too hucks won't like that right um but yeah no there is a

there's a discipline right and really it comes down to the leaders

taking it seriously and their leader's first responsibility is to help their people.

Okay, I'm going to put my analyst hat on for a second. Yeah. And I'm going to say my observation

would, I would create a theory. We could test the theory right now that being in Wichita,

being founder or owner operated, and, you know, having this ability to be isolated from a

monoculture. I just feel like Silicon Valley, a lot of companies,

replicate each other. You have to kind of, there's this term that's being used a lot now over socialization. You have to operate like everyone around you or you're not part of the, you have to fundraise in the right way and do these deals. You have to hire people this way. You have to do this sort of vesting schedule, this sort of equity. Everyone's the same. And if you don't, you're kind of a weirdo, but by being in Wichita, you don't really have that problem. You can think your own way. You can challenge yourselves. You can debate. You can come up with your own principles without feeling like everyone else is conforming to the groups around.

But they can because they're a bunch in Silicon Valley that are their challenge.

Yeah. So they're not all that way. They're not all. Yeah. And this is what-

Is it always been a competitive advantage? I mean, did you ever think to move the headquarters to New York City?

No, no, but the main thing, we've never thought of that. But what we've, sorry about that.

I mean, their advantages of being in New York City. I mean, you have a great mayor now, so they're good to go.

But anyway, so we, that's a competitive advantage of us.

That'll be a clue.

But this is, no, but the main, the main threat we've had is we had,

we had SARS that wanted to go, take us public.

And I said it'd be over my dead body, and some of them thought,

well, that would be a good idea.

Just like they're thinking out about Trump,

well, a lot of people thought, still think about it.

I get a lot of nice notices of my,

imminent death.

And they say,

okay, your brother died.

We hope it was,

I know this is painful,

but I hope it was slow and painful,

and I hope Charles is even worse.

That's the kind of crap we get.

But anyway, what the biggest is,

the push has been for us to go public.

God, we'll be worth so much and stuff.

And, but it,

and I think.

our view we never could have accomplished what we've had first of all we never would have

build a principle-based framework and then we we never would have been able to pull off this

capability bounded versus industry bounded because then i mean people don't understand it now

if you're buffett and you've sold that long then people okay but but he wasn't trying to enter

them the way we do no one would believe it and and and so what that what and and and

that's because you've got to you've got to have a story that people the analysts can

understand otherwise we would like Georgia Pacific we would have a low price

earnings ratio and so being private being in Wichita competitive advantages what

about being owner operated or founder operated there's this argument that the the best

Silicon Valley companies are those who are founder-led for as long as possible, because the founders

are willing to destroy the business creatively. They're willing to think about what's over the hill,

make the tough decisions, reinvent the company, hire and fire as needed, be willing to take the

short-term financial loss for the long-term. Have you been able to get that to distill down

into the organization? Because that's the thing that most public companies that are not owner-operated

deal with and struggle with is managers that are short-term incentivized and aren't and can't take

the big risks and the risks of failure that you're able to embrace.

No, but I think it depends on the values of the owners.

If, like one of our principles is that any good partnership of any kind, whether it's

marriage, friend, employee, partner requires three things.

It requires shared vision, shared values, and having complementary capabilities that you use

to make each other better.

And if you'd miss any one of those,

you're not going to have a lasting good partnership.

And so I remember I was to the YPO group in Wichita,

I was presented, this is like 20 years ago,

presenting what we were doing and why.

And one of them said, well, how do you get that to work

in a private company?

And I answered, well, no, it's easier than a public.

company just like I did and then I thought who it was and he was talking about his father

his father was a total dictator and there's no way he could apply any of these principles

in that so in all the matters who the owners are and what their values are can a public CEO that

doesn't have a big ownership stake in the company adopt these principles and transform the culture

If you can get a, if you can sell it like Buffett has, but I mean he wasn't doing these

principles, but he had a different principle and that is I'm going to buy companies. It's not

going to take top price, but what's meaningful to them is they run it. So I'm going to buy it

and let them run it. And so that was his value that he sold that made him to, and it's, well,

the other one was buying insurance company, so you'd have a lot of

liquidity to go do all these things. And those two things are what made him successful.

Right. Chase, I want to just go back to your getting involved in the business. We didn't get

into that. But how did you get started at Coke? And were you always a believer in the

principals from a young age? Were you around the organization around your dad? Are you kidding?

I'm going to chip off the old blocks. It took me a while to come around.

No, this is the most remarkable transformation. I've been talking about them all.

this is the

primo. Here we go.

Unbelievable. Do I get to tell my story?

To the absolute bottom,

to the absolute top.

No, he's blown beyond me.

He's doing things I wouldn't even

dream of or have the capability

to do.

Unbelievable.

He'll correct me ten times as I tell

this story.

Well, because you're too damn humble.

So I didn't start

when I was six. I started when I was

15. So he caught me some slack, but

it's because I was a pretty competitive tennis player.

He was nationally ranked.

Say the humility.

That's number one.

That's the first time.

So, but at 15, I got burned out, you know, tennis, like typical story where I wanted to hang out

with my friends.

I wanted to have a good time.

I was tired of playing six hours a day.

So I started throwing tennis matches intentionally to get out of it, out of these tournaments.

So I go home and party with my friends.

And he said, look, your attitude.

is terrible. You can either give 100% on the tennis court and apply yourself or I'm going to

get you a job. I said I'm sick of tennis. I'm done with it. And so I had his, my, the job was

figured out the next morning for me. Yeah, but I'm going to interrupt again because this is important.

He thought he would get a nice cushy job in Wichita so he'd go out and party with his friends at

night. Well, you know, I may be old and slow, but I'm not that slow. Yeah, he was kicked out

of a number of schools. I was born at night, but not last night. But yeah, so... It's probably a

parallel story movie that could be made. Yeah, no, seriously. There really is. Yeah. But basically,

all my shit was packed for me. Yeah. And it was thrown in the back of a truck, and six hours later,

I showed up at a feed yard, and I lived in a single wide trailer, the whole.

whole summer with my boss I slept on the floor worked seven days a week and just

shoveled cow shit and dug post holes no and so that was my oh I forgot about

that you're poppy boil let's keep it manageable here so so anyway but the

interesting part of that story even though I went from literally being like you

know kind of country club rich kid to to doing that within 24 hours is

It was an absolute transformation for me,

the fact that he made me do that.

And I chose, but I didn't know what I was exactly choosing.

But after I was a month or two into this job,

I started actually feeling better about myself.

I was like I hadn't really made a contribution

up to that point in life.

And then I'm actually, I'm working with a team,

getting paid minimum wage, I'm working my tail off,

I'm adding value, even though.

even though it may be like just menial work.

And this is I go back to a letter that his father, you know,

wrote to him and his other three brothers.

No, no, my older brother.

Your older brother.

Because I was three months old when he wrote it.

This letter about basically like when I pass on,

you're going to get what seems to be a large sum of money.

I hope you don't squander it.

I hope you don't use it for, but I hope you actually apply yourself because I want you to feel the glorious feeling of accomplishment.

And it's a really amazing letter.

He has it hung in his office.

But, you know, that was the first time I felt that, even though it was working at a feed yard.

I was like, this feels good, actually.

You know, I could have gone down the path of, you know, just kind of staying on the tennis circuit.

I have no idea where I'd end up in life had I had I not.

gone down that path and so I've basically worked every summer for coke from that

summer on I worked in the gas liquids plant I worked in our refineries all the way

through junior year in college always had a coke you know kind of summer job

but another so that was an absolute like transformation for me in my life

let me I get one more here see what he has great your murder which is great

bit and that is chase says I have this

gift for abstractions. He's like his mother. He has a gift for people. He understands people

and can relate to him and he can go around like Sheikhan or Sterling Barner, who was our president

in early days, who by the way, was born. His father ran mules in an oil-filled camp, and he

was born in a tent, and their damn near died.

never went to college and he could whoever he met with wanted to do business with us and that's the way Chase says he goes around meets these people and all of a sudden they're friends and they want to do business and that's true for staying together too go to people you think oh they don't they don't want these these capitalists or these free enterprise people to do business with them

and he gets them on our side and shows the value of these prints.

Well, let me make it.

Is that fair?

Whatever you said.

No, I mean, that's my job.

That's what I do now, origination of partnerships.

And about the time I met you, that's when I started getting into technology and trying

to build a new community so that we can get access to the most disruptive founders.

But one quick story I want to tell,

because I think it would be helpful for your audience as well

that we haven't touched on yet,

is the principle of comparative advantage.

There's another meaningful, like, total shift

in my job at Coke and my role at Coke,

but also in my personal life,

was when I was running the ag business,

this was later on, we talked about the late 90s,

the gas to bread spread and all that.

This is a separate business with Coke fertilizer.

I spent 10 years.

years in that business really understanding the operations of a business so worked in sales and in

marketing and the accounting the finance like every piece of it the trading and um I ran a lot of the

smaller business units but at one point my boss at the time wanted to add a whole natural gas trading

business to it so he's like hey I got to want to put a parent company called ag and energy solutions

and I want you I'm going to throw you the keys to the fertilizer business you're ready to run it and so

I was promoted to president of Coke Fertilizer at that time, and about nine months in,

I realized that I was not the guy for the job, but I walked in my boss's office and fired myself.

And the humiliating, right?

It's like, especially being the boss's son and like thinking about, oh, my God, I'm a failure.

You know, I couldn't make this work.

The business was still doing fine, but I wasn't doing a good job as a leader, and I knew there

was someone else that had the comparative advantage.

to be a great operator CEO, you know, president type role.

And so I learned through all that, call it a failure

in that job that I wasn't an operator,

and I wasn't a good optimization type leader,

and I was a builder.

Like, all I wanted to do was go work on the innovation stuff.

That was about the time I met you,

and I learned about Climate Corp, and all that.

I just wanted to go focus on that,

and go build.

the stuff, this whole idea of creative destruction that would disrupt the core business that

I was running.

And so that whole thing around like understanding your comparative advantage, what you're

good at and what you're not relative to others that could be doing that job was a huge deal.

And like my hope was that that was a little bit of an example for other, like Coke leaders

as well.

It's like if you're not in the right job, like, you know, you don't have to like fire yourself,

but figure out what your power alley really is

and where you can contribute and add the most value.

So that experience for me, what was amazing,

if you look at what happened after that,

we got a great president to continue to transform

the fertilizer business.

It's one of our most exciting businesses today

and we keep growing with it.

So that did better than it would have done

had I stayed in the role,

But then all of this led to Coke Disruptive Technologies, which we talked about,

which is a totally, you know, an innovation platform for Coke to see around corners.

So like that one move made one large business much better and also created a whole new thing.

Right. And so like I always think about it's like we have 130,000 employees.

What if that one principle comparative advantage?

What if everyone like deeply understood that and redesigned their role to where,

they are truly like in their power alley.

And what are the results of the business if we could do that?

You're never going to be perfect,

but that's the vision that we have and how we apply it.

For the organization.

For the organization.

So thinking about individuals,

how do I self-actualize?

How do I find my path of purpose, happiness, success in life

by leveraging these sorts of principles

in a world that feels radically transformative,

and continuously constrained.

I don't have infinite flexibility.

I'm not on the board of Coke.

I'm not on the board of my company

that I'm employed by.

How do I find a path in this world?

Because I do think many people today

are struggling for that sense of purpose,

for that sense of identity,

for that sense of realizing their potential

and feeling fulfillment in work today.

Well, that's, I mean, that's critical.

And that's, that's every, all the,

We have what, 20-some thousand supervisors in the company.

And so this is one of their top jobs,

is making sure that each employee is in the right role.

For example, they're working hard and trying,

and part of the work they're doing well in and others not.

Well, rather than beating up, you've got to keep doing better.

Like there's certain things if you told me I had to do.

I mean, I'm good at concepts and logic and math.

And to go do something else that's quite different,

I mean, I'd be a total failure.

And you could whip me till I was a grease spot

on the floor, and I couldn't do better.

And so that's the role of the supervisors,

to not go tell them, OK, your role is to go do this.

And they're just trying it harder and harder.

so you're making them miserable and so they hate you they hate the company and so that's that's the

way you empower them that's what what maslow said if he said that if everyone has capability and and if

you don't develop it and apply it in a way that creates value for others you will be you may be

successful monetarily or in some way but you'll be deeply on

unhappy your whole life because you won't be fulfilling your nature. Your nature and I know what

mine is. I know what makes people say, well, you're 90. Why don't you go out, lie on the beach?

I said, what, you want me to die? I'd be dead in a week. It's not your nature. No, it's not my

nature. My nature is to, I have this gift and a lot of our people here may say, yeah, you're

damn right. You use it too damn much.

What keeps most people from realizing their gift?

Well, I think part of it is an education system.

So the schools need to be set up.

Okay, we're going to help you find your gift

and what you're passionate about.

And what is motivating to you.

So the whole system demotivates you,

and that's the way businesses are managed you,

demotivate our whole deal.

That's why we have five dimensions

in the way we apply this.

the first is vision. You've got to get the right vision,

what capabilities of creating value for others.

Then it's virtue and talents. We've talked about that.

Then it's knowledge. That's Republic of Science,

creative destruction, all those things.

And then the final one is motivation.

And so that's what we need to do.

And Joe Lamont has created the schools. He says 90% or 80%

motivation. And so you have games, you have other things that the kids can do that they learn

from and enjoy doing and they want to do more. And that's, I mean, I raised our kids with these

principles and I made them do it. So I was piss poor applying my principles in teaching him

this and he's doing it. He makes a game out of it. He has them reading the book and parts of it.

And then they have competition on who can do it better

and who's living up to this better,

who's applying this principle better,

and they're loving it.

Yeah, I'm not having my kids listen to books on tape

from Milton Friedman when they're 10 years old.

Oh, Aristotle.

Aristotle.

There's plenty of them.

But let me just make you comment.

You were told or suggested or encouraged to listen to Aristotle on tape?

Yeah.

Yeah.

No, he wasn't encouraged, no.

We'd go Sunday evenings.

I got to take a note for my...

Elizabeth and Chase and I would go over to my library,

and I would play these tape.

I'd only play it for 10 minutes,

because I knew Chase's attention span a little.

Elizabeth was on it.

Boy, she was on it.

She ran circles around me.

She was getting straight A's and everything,

and Chase would fall asleep,

and then after 10 minutes, I'd wake them up,

and, okay, what was his point here?

Is it a test every 15 months.

And then you may have seen on where was it?

Well, you talked about, we worked together to do your Aristotle term paper.

Yes.

And what would you tell that story?

Okay.

Well, I mean, we had a, it was like a fifth grade paper.

Like choose your philosopher, write about it.

You know, it's got to be 500 words or whatever.

So I came and I was like, I don't know, like, what philosopher am I going to write about?

And so he's like, you're going to write about Aristotle and we're going to work together on it.

But I learned a hell of a lot about Aristotle in fifth grade.

And I turned in the paper, and the professor had a lot of red ink all over it and said,

F, you did not write this.

And so I'm like, oh, God, you know, this is so embarrassing.

And so I took it back to him, and I told him, I said, pop, we got an F on her favor.

No, you said you got it.

Yeah.

And so I didn't think he was going to pick up the phone and call the teacher.

So he said, you know, Dr. Cohen, I'll never forget this.

I was hiding under the table during this phone call.

He said, Dr. Cohen, you know, I helped my son write this paper, and he learned a lot from it.

And, you know, do you not want me to help my son?

Do you not want any parents to help their kids, like, learn?

and he said, you know, I think you have a point, Mr. Coke.

And so the next day, and the next day I come back and it had 99 written on the top.

See?

I made a contribution.

Let me go back.

That's a great story, I know.

But let me go back to something I think you were getting at around how do you remove more barriers for more people.

And this is really kind of the stand-together story.

He mentioned education.

I just want to use one example of how important we feel like transforming education is.

Then we also feel like it's a movement with tremendous opportunity right now.

And so our vision for education is to go from a teach-to-test model, teacher at the front of the classroom, you know, talking at kids, to one that's individualized education.

Because we all, as we talked about, we all learn differently.

Everyone learns different.

Yeah, and all of our kids learn differently as well.

So we did the research at Stand Together, and prior to COVID.

And Stand Together, just.

Oh, yeah, sorry.

So Stand Together, for those that don't know, this is really, you know,

comes from my father's efforts on social change,

which he's been working on for 60 years.

And Stand Together in 2003 was created that really,

I think we have the inside of we can do a lot more together versus do it alone. If we operate in

philanthropy and social change in silos, we're just not going to get the leverage to drive the change

that we want to. And so stand together is made up of, you know, close to a thousand business

leaders. It's just like the name describes. It's a community of business leaders that align on

vision and values on where we want to see the country. It's really around this,

this pretty simple idea that every human has a gift,

but there's so many barriers across all of our institutions,

education, you know, broken education system,

a broken criminal justice system,

bad policy holding people back so you can't chase

the American dream and build a business,

all of these things, right?

So we're very broad in terms of the issues

that we focus on, but education is one of the biggest ones.

And so I described the vision of where we're trying

to help take it and be a catalyst for change.

And one of the things that, you know,

we do a lot of research on where public opinion is.

And prior to COVID, roughly 20% of families

were open to a new model of education, very low, right?

And then everyone saw during COVID

how screwed up the system was.

And they saw their kids come home,

they learned a lot more on YouTube learning

than they actually did in the classroom.

So after COVID, three or four years later,

you look at that same day.

data and it's 70 to 80% families are open to a completely, you know, to transform the education system.

Because everyone now understands that it's just broken. So where we're supporting, we have these amazing

preferred partnerships, as my father described, whether it's Joe Leemont with what he's doing at the

Alpha School, like closing the motivation gap and meeting kids where there are and bringing like

gamification and like the principals of Fortnite into education in a way that kids are,

Like, he's taking kids that are failing students to top of the class in three months.

Meeting them where they're at.

Meeting where they're at and solving the motivation gap and like making learning fun and cool, right?

Sal Khan did the same.

He's a huge partner with Khan Academy.

And a really interesting one that we partnered with the Walton family on is the VALA Fund,

basically applying venture capital to education entrepreneurs.

So coming out of COVID, there were thousands.

of pissed off parents and teachers that were just fed up with the systems.

Like, I'm just going to create my own school.

You know, these small micro schools.

And so with a relatively modest amount of money over the last five, six years,

we've helped create and seed over 5,000 schools.

So what's happening is there's this huge movement where people see is like,

my kids are learning the skills of what the future is going to be like.

nothing's teach the test model where you don't know how to interact with people.

The reality is it's project-based learning.

They need to have exposure to these AI models.

You don't ban them.

You empower them with these models, right?

And so it's one of the most exciting movements that I think Stand Together is really leading on.

And, yeah, we need more partners that are willing to get behind this.

I want to go back, though, Charles.

This work at Stand Together is like taken off.

I know a lot of people that are engaging with you, Chase, on this work, and everything you say is so sensible, and it's also, it always feels so obvious.

Can we go back to the work you've done historically in social change and what you got right, what you got wrong?

Because the narrow view of the word Coke comes from a broad public perception of political activity that I think's been amplified and the narrative's been written for you.

And I don't think I've personally seen a lot of conversation publicly from you about what you did when,

how you were thinking about social change.

Maybe you can go back to the origins of the work you started to engage in

and try to drive social change.

And over time, what you got right, what you got wrong.

Well, it started with these principles.

I mean, to me, the principles of human progress.

But rather than, as Frederick Douglass say,

I'll work with anyone to do right, no one to do wrong,

I was only working with the people who believe in all of these.

And so we were limited.

I mean, I work with a libertarian party,

and that got so narrow,

and then they started fighting over who has bigger,

greater, more purity in these principles,

to get it exactly like.

and the one brilliant guy, but totally this way,

he said, my libertarian is this plum line.

Anybody disagrees, he purged.

So it's almost like the Communist Party

doing the same thing that Lennon did.

And they admired Lennon.

Yeah, he had the right strategy.

Well, no, you can't go murder anybody that does like.

So it doesn't work for liberty.

It works for totalitarianism.

And then I started reading

Maslow,

Usike in management

and his strategy.

And then Victor Frankl

is the one that really

got me going. And Victor

Frankl, this

tremendous insight,

he says, the problem

today is

ever more people have the

means to live and no meaning

to live for.

So if you can't

find a path to a life of

meaning, which comes from, as I said,

from finding your gift and using it to succeed

by helping others succeed in a way that gives your life

meaning, then you have two choices.

You can either choose to go for power,

or you can go for pleasure.

And you see this today, and you see this through the history of the world.

So if you choose power, then you're always going to want, you become addicted to power.

I want more power.

I need more power.

And we've seen that, as I said, in our businesses.

But you damn sure see that in politicians.

And you see that in all the dictators in the world.

Then if you say, if you've given up and you say, well,

I've given up, I'm going to go for pleasure.

And you dedicate yourself to pleasure without considering the long-term consequences,

then you're going to experience failure.

You also have a tendency to become an addict,

to become suicidal and to even engage in crime.

And we see both of these today.

So the problem today is when you have a world

that is based on power and pleasure,

it's a slippery slope to totalitarianism,

authoritarianism, and socialism.

And that's what we're saying.

today. So that's the solution is to help people find their gift in a way to apply it that enables

them to succeed by helping others to succeed. And so what does that mean? That means we need to,

all of us, more fully live up to the promise in the Declaration of Independence to better apply

these principles of human progress and then the other thing that I screwed up on is is for

the first I've been at this more than 60 years and for the first 50 I avoided

politics or major party politics I mean being a libertarian party there's no

thought of winning though the only reason I got into that is well this is

time people are listening. They're interested in politics, so we'll engage in that because

people are talking, so we'll throw that in the hopper in hopes it takes on. Well, the way we did

it, it didn't take on at all. It blew up in our face. So then we decided we needed to get in

because we desperately needed some principle-based policies. Look at all the policies that we have

today. They're destructive. They're leading to more and more power and pleasure. Socialism

authoritarianism and and the mistake we made or I made is trying to do it through one party.

You can't do that. So now we follow Frederick Douglass's advice to work with anyone to do right

and no one to do wrong. Where are we in the cycle? So there's a rising number of political

leaders around the country. Initially it was in local elections and now it's on kind of the

national stage declaring themselves socialist or some form of socialism. Are we kind of on an

upswing and what do we? Is there a socialist? I thought hell was down, not up.

Damn. So where are we? I think we continue this by we're going to hell in the basket. It's what

is what Thomas Jefferson

said, he had slaves, but what he

said about slavery,

he says,

if God is just, I despair

for the future of our country.

That's kind of where I am.

If God is just, I despair for the future

of the country. The people

were electing, both Republicans and

Democrats.

I mean, and the mystery

when you look at

at what's being done, I mean, occupational licensure, the way they're treating illegal immigrants,

you name it across the board, and the socialists, the way they're treating all the crime,

all of that is, it's what we've got to elect people who have some,

principles beyond power and pleasure. What are your principles for changing people's minds?

It's what Chase says. We find them where we are, just like we have in the company,

and we show them, this doesn't get results. Now, if you're a dedicated communist,

if you're like Trotsky is if we can get rid of private property, we'll get rid of greed.

and then every man will be a Gerta and a Beethoven and we will or we will be able to create

ever-ready warehouses of all the goods and everybody can go in because out of their goodwill

they'll be making all this stuff if people still have those fantasies it's never worked in

history and so it's different this time yeah yeah that's well that's right and so

That's what we're trying to do at Stand Together.

Dave, what we've learned on this is to change minds and change paradigms, you show versus tell.

And go back to what we were talking about before, bottom-up empowerment as opposed to top-down control.

I mean, I think that's like an overarching umbrella principle on all of these.

So our whole thing was staying together, and that's, I think, why it's growing exponentially.

because we have stories of people we believe in people we don't need top down to come in and tell

people how to solve problems that's the book that brian hooks and i wrote which we just

we have a new edition based on the 250 and we got and martin luther king the third wrote a forward

to it and and that's that's another book besides this one if you're interested in these

these ideas we're talking about on social change.

There's much more in that than this book on that,

although we have quite a bit on this book.

One of the key concepts in that is

if you believe that people aren't the problems to be solved,

the people that are in the problem,

they're the ones with the best ideas

and they're the source of the solution.

That's a totally different mindset, right?

And that's what stand-together does.

We talk about venture capital a lot.

We bet on people that have found

something that works. Just give a quick example. Scott Strode from the Phoenix. We found Scott. His story's

amazing. It was about eight years ago where he battled addiction most of his life. He had a mentor that put him

in the gym and got him in boxing gloves and like exercise was the thing that helped him kick addiction.

And what he did is like, well, if this helps me, I think I can help other people with this same

concept. He built a gym called the Phoenix, combined the power of community with others that are

struggling with the same thing, you know, multiplied by the power of exercise, and he was getting

insane results, like relapse rates that were below 10%. So what we do is like instead of like

some top down program to handle addiction, go bet on Scott. And that's what we've done the last

seven or eight years is we've gone from, he had a couple gyms in Colorado when we met him.

you know, impacting a couple thousand people.

He just hit a million people basically overcoming addiction in this last year.

That's a movement, right?

And I mean, that's a key difference, I think, of stand together.

It's like, how do you do what you're talking about at scale and help people change paradigms?

You show them with stories like Scott that let's believe in the people and let's bet on them to transform society.

So for addiction and crime that resonates wholeheartedly, let me ask about the economic condition of America.

Kids are graduating college.

They got hundreds of thousands of dollars in student loan debt.

No one can afford to go to the doctor.

Grocery bills are too high.

People are worried about paying for their next grocery bill.

You look at the polling data, the survey data.

The average American is really struggling.

I think more than half of Americans, 60 plus percent, maybe 63 percent, have negative equity.

They have more debt than they have assets.

And everything's getting more expensive, and no one's moving up the economic ladder.

There's no mobility anymore.

People are really struggling, and then they're looking on TV,

and they're seeing spaceships launching up to space,

holding flowers out the window, smiling and laughing.

And it's a really dark time,

and it really leads people down this path of,

I need the government to help me, I need support,

I need help, I need to elect the people that will fix this for me.

How do we address the economic crisis

that's facing the average person in America,

the lack of economic mobility,

the principles around these distraught situations?

Fantastic.

But this fundamental economic crisis that we're facing.

That's a damn good question.

It's like, here's the question.

Okay, the eggs have been scrambled.

It's your job to unscramble them.

Right.

So that's the problem.

Once you create these entitlements,

I mean, you almost can never get rid of them.

You almost need, well, maybe Argentina,

if he can pull off what he's doing,

because they were in worse shape.

But they went through it.

Yeah.

We haven't gone through it.

Well, maybe we will.

Well, let me ask a question.

Does capitalism work long term?

And let me give you an argument why it might not.

The success at Coke Industries is built on an algorithm.

Your principles and you've been able to adapt that algorithm and as a result, scale your business, generate cash, reinvest that cash, generate more cash, reinvest that cash and so on.

And you've scaled 9,000x.

You've built a compounding advantage in your business.

Right.

As is the case with all successful capitalists, you build a compounding advantage.

The problem with compounding in any system is it eventually eats all of the whatever is in the system,

or it makes it hard for others to compete in that system or participate effectively in that system.

And that's the argument that's being made today against capitalism.

How do we counter that idea and share that capitalism should be more accessible to all,

that everyone can participate and everyone can benefit,

that it doesn't end up in this monopolistic end state where no one...

Well, it starts from a...

removing the barriers, that's what I said,

we've got to work for a system where we remove the barriers,

they're holding people back from realizing their potential,

finding their gifts, realizing their potential,

and succeeding by contributing.

Okay, so, I mean, so we should start,

like occupational licensing.

All of this, there are hundreds of,

hundreds, as you know, of occupations where they make it so tough, all the local people who are in

that business make it impossible for anybody who starts with nothing to do it. And then the way

we're treating illegal immigrants, the one here working and contributing, we harass them and are going

to kick them out. No, we ought to welcome them and kick some of the others. The bad ones out.

But I mean, so some of this is basic.

And then we've got to reward people who want to contribute.

That's what we keep you've got to get people to be contribution motivated.

Then you're going to have a life of meaning.

And that's what Victor Frankel was trying to tell us.

And if we don't, we're going to fail.

And we're failing because we're taking away the chance

for most people to have a life of meaning, because we're setting up all these obstacles.

And I'm not picking on one party or the other. They're both doing it. And then set up all these

tariffs, which undermine the divisional labor by comparative advantage, which makes everything

more expensive. So it's just, I mean, everywhere you look, it's a tragedy.

There's a debate happening at this moment on AI, regulating AI. How does AI become an enabler of

self-actualization, giving every individual the capacity to develop themselves, accelerate and succeed,

versus making a fewer number of people even more wealthy and taking jobs away from the masses.

What's your view on where AI is taking us?

Well, it depends on how it's done.

I mean, that's why we back Cosmos, who is doing, backing people who do AI based on these

principles of market-based management, based on these principles of human progress.

and once you tell everybody what you've done in the book with AI.

I mean, just one principle on like our approach to AI is just simple concept of permissionless innovation.

I mean, the cost of AI to get it in people's hands is dropping it just to an incredibly cheap level

that hopefully everyone can have access to that.

And then combine that with their gifts to unlock their potential and learn 10,100x factors.

That's, I mean, from an AI standpoint, that's, that's our mindset on it.

But, and that's what we're doing internally at Coke as well.

Like, I think one of the most exciting innovations that we have is all around human empowerment,

back to bottom-up empowerment with principles.

So, not only are we, you know, trying to make sure that we have the right supervisors

that are helping people, you know, understand their principles so they can apply them.

You know, with the book, we've created an app.

I sent it to you, Dave.

I don't know if you played with it or not.

if you played with it or not, but it's called principal companion. You can download it in the app store.

And it's really taking off within Coke because it's just another way to engage with principals

in a very simple way in meeting people where they are, whether it's chat GPT or Claude and solving

a problem in five to ten minutes that otherwise would have taken a long time. We're basically powering it

with the principles that are in the book to like any problem. So it's one field, you know, whatever your problem is

in business and philanthropy and if you run a sports team or you're having problems with your

kids it helps you with that right and so that I think that's just one example of how we're trying

to like really drive human and it doesn't give you an you can't say well I got this problem

what's the answer no it asks you questions okay okay given that have you thought about this

have you thought about that so it's a Socratic method and we know what happened to Socrates

So, okay.

So listen, we're going to need to wrap in a minute, but before we do, Chase, you know,

what was the experience like writing the book with your dad?

What's it like working with your dad?

Yeah.

There's a lot of ways I can go with this one.

What are the biggest lessons learned from your dad?

Yeah.

I want to give you a chance.

Absolutely incredible.

I'd say it's probably the most important project that I've ever worked on.

I'm getting invited into writing this book.

And I've said to many people, I've learned more in the last 18 months than I probably

have the last 18 years just because when you write something, as you know, the depth of learning

and going back into the details of the stories, figuring out how to tell that story in a book

in a way that connects with as many people as possible, I always say, like, you really don't

know something until you have to teach it, and writing a book is a form of, like, trying to

teach others with it. So my depth of learning, because I got to be, you know, be alongside this guy,

and there was many others across Coke that contributed to this to this book as well.

But learned a tremendous amount.

The other thing of just doing this with him, he applied the principles to the book writing process.

So it's like everything, and it's so consistent, it almost like drives you nuts, right?

In terms of applying principles to everything.

But principles like openness, creative.

He's written, this is his fifth book, this is my first, but he wanted to drive creative

destruction of his first four, right?

And so I think bringing me into it, just bringing a fresh perspective, bringing technology

to it and telling stories in a different way, that's an open mindset.

He could have, he's, look, I'm the boss, I've done this before.

What the hell do you know, you know?

But he had that mindset to it and, you know, applied the principles to it.

But I will say he's such a stickler with words.

And you should talk to my mother about this and how it drives her effing nuts.

But so I got, I got kind of an 18-month window on what it's like to be mom, maybe.

But the, you know, we had one chapter in there on stewardship.

And I think we're on, we're on version 27 of it or something.

Yeah, I rewrote it.

I was like I like pop 15 times myself you are not applying the principle of marginal analysis

version 26 was pretty damn good and so so anyway we but we had a lot of fun with it yeah of course

there was tension in terms of how you you'd write something or whatever but overall most important

project I've ever worked yeah now words have meaning I mean people say the proof is in the pudding

no the proof of the pudding is in the eating for God's sake that means nothing the proof is in the

pudding yeah what you stuck your foot in it yeah he corrects the Coke leader on that in about

every meeting we're in so oh and then I used to give grammar lessons in our discovery board

what's it like working with chase what's it been like writing the book it's I mean he is

I thought he had helped some with the book and he would get us a a perspective

perspective on how to reach young people and do some things and improve it from his perspective.

But he's taking it to a whole level, like bringing in AI and have AI as a principal companion

to the book and all of these that are way beyond me. So he's taken, as he has in everything,

taking it to a whole level beyond where I am. You've written a lot of books. You've built an

unbelievable business, one of the greatest on earth. You've engaged in extraordinary social and

civic engagement. What do you want the legacy to be? I want us, I want our country to more fully

live up to the promise in the Declaration of Independence. Charles Koch, Chase Koch. Thank you.

Thank you.