=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Nvidia Invests in Thinking Machines, Meta Acquires Moltbook, BYD F1 | Olivia Moore, David Paffenholz, Adam Goldstein, Max Junestrand, Allan McLennan, Jagdeep Singh, Scott Hickle
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/nvidia-invests-in-thinking-machines-meta-acquires-moltbook-byd-f1-olivia-moore-david-paffenholz-adam-goldstein-max-junestrand-allan-mclennan-jagdeep-singh-scott-hickle
Datum: 2026-03-11
Länge: ~178k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TBPN Ultradome, the Temple of Technology, the Fortress of Finance, the capital of capital.

70% of enterprise workspaces on linear are using agents.

Next, David.

It's deals day.

It's deals, deals, deals, deals.

Juice box is coming on.

We got Ligora raised a bunch of money.

At a big valuation.

We also have Archer coming on to talk about flying cars.

When will we get them?

What happened to my flying car?

They built one.

We're going to see what the timeline is to get me in it.

Well, let's run through a little, a few of these deals.

Just to kick off the show, we're going to go through them later in the timeline.

But there's a few things,

Brandon Garell wrote the op-ed today in the TBPN newsletter at TBPN.com.

Miramaradi's thinking machines snagged a multi-year partnership with Nvidia.

Thinking machines has been on the ropes.

They lost half of the six co-founders in under a year.

There's a question about where the business is going.

This is obviously a good sign that they got a multi-year investment done with

Nvidia in which it will deploy at least a gigawatt of cutting-edge chips to train AI models.

they are going to be GPU richer.

I don't know where the bar is for GPU rich or GPU poor is today,

but they're one gigawatt richer after today, which is good news for them.

So congrats to everyone at thinking machines.

Even though they've had a couple high-profile executive departures,

the team has grown from 30 people to 120 people.

So they're still cooking, also still cooking.

Alex Wang, there was a bunch of fake news on the timeline.

We'll dig into this.

but multiple tech news aggregator accounts on X posted that Alexander Wang, who's been on the show at MetaConnect, I've interviewed him a few times.

He leads MSL, meta-superintelligence labs.

And they were saying he's out.

He's on this roves.

He's on his, he's fighting for his life over there while it was fake news.

And we'll go through exactly how this happened.

But meta-CTO, Andrew Bosworth and Zuck also both hopped into the chats, different chats, which will take you through.

to categorically deny the rumor.

So we will dig into that.

Also, Jan Lacoon raised a massive seed round for advanced machine intelligence labs, AMIL.

One on 3.5.

Not bad.

Not the kind of combination that you normally see.

It's not very American.

Why?

Do a 30-ish percent.

Sure, sure, sure.

But it's a big vote of confidence.

Better to have the money in the age of AI.

in the age of compute requirements,

you've got to spend money to make money in AI,

and he's got the money now.

Also, as we mentioned,

Lagora is coming on talking about their series D,

$550 million at a $5.5 billion valuation

just a year after their entry into the U.S. market.

Fascinating industry.

We talked to a partner at Sequoia yesterday.

Obviously, Sequoia is an investor in Harvey,

but how will these firms change?

Will the tools become agencies?

Will they be doing it?

the work? Will they be more direct to consumer? This is a question that we've been digging through

in the... Yeah, a lot of people have been kind of questioning just how thin are these...

How thick or thin are these wrappers, basically? Yeah. Also, AI recruiting platform,

Juice Box, which was a part of YC, summer's 22 batch. That's a good time to go through YC right

before the AI boom. You're up and running. Well, they are up and running with $116 million

after a $80 million series B, which values it at $850 million.

That's the kind of dilution that you're looking for 10%.

Not bad.

A little under 10%.

And the round was led by DST Global with participation from Sequoia Co2 and YC.

Very good news for the folks over at Juice Box.

They're in the hiring market.

So we're going to have the founder on to talk about the business,

but also talk about the hiring market.

Where is their strength?

Where is their weakness?

What is he reading into the jobs data?

we'll try and get to the bottom of where the opportunity is in the modern economy.

Meta also acquired the agent-based Reddit-style social network MaltBook.

We, of course, had the founder, the creator of MoltBook on.

I actually know the other co-founder as well, Ben Parr.

They will both be joining Meta Super Intelligence Lab.

There's a lot of back and forth on, well, is it all slop?

Is there any value there?

Well, we don't know the terms of the deal.

It doesn't have to be a billion-dollar acquisition.

Who knows?

I've talked to both of the founders.

They're both, you know, capable, interesting people.

And I think it's under-discussed, and we'll get into this, under-discussed, that who is evaluating these acquisitions?

It's not just Mark Zuckerberg.

It's not just Alex Wang.

You also got Nat Friedman and Daniel Gross.

These guys have backed a lot of founders.

They've worked with a lot of AI startups.

They can understand the team that they're trying to build over there.

And there might be some interesting interface between AI agents and social media.

This is highly relevant.

Meta seems like the logic.

Yeah, remember, Meta filed some.

for basically bringing yourself back to life in agent form after death, right?

So, of course, they're thinking about this stuff.

Once you shed your mortal coil and you molt, you go on molt book.

That's very macab.

Yeah.

I would be shocked if they keep Moldbook running for more than a handful of months.

Yeah.

This just feels like, hey, let's bring some people on board that are been thinking, spending

all their time thinking about how bots are going to interact with other bots.

and humans on the internet.

Yeah, and Meta's done a ton of these types of acquisitions,

where like smaller products, tuckins,

not everything has been WhatsApp, 16 billion, 8 billion,

I forget, it was a lot of billions.

Yeah, Nikita's first thing, it was...

Yeah, that was a good example.

And if you just think about it as like,

you get a shot on goal with one product,

you get a product leader that can go

and bring some new energy, some new ideas,

and there's a lot of opportunity there.

Well, before we move to the timeline,

no matter where your idea starts, Figma Make, Claude Codex, or a sketch.

The Figma canvas is where ideas connect and products take shape,

build in the right direction with Figma.

Gemini 3.1 Pro is here with a more capable baseline.

It's great for super complex tasks like visualizing difficult concepts,

synthesizing data into a single view,

or bringing creative projects to life.

And there's also some exciting news from Google that we'll touch on today.

Not exactly a deal, but a whole bunch of new features that we'll be going through.

Theo is talking about the latest from Anthropics.

So Claude Code now has code review, which optimizes for depth and maybe more expensive than other solutions, like their opens or GitHub actions.

Reviews generally average $15 to $25 build on token usage, and they scale based on PR complexity.

And Theo says, Anthropic really needs like one normal person to prove these things before posting.

I guess people are upset about the price of having these code reviews build individually in a world where so much code is being generated.

Some of the initial copy around this announcement look like it was just a flat rate per code review.

In actuality, it's built based on token usage, but it's funny to have like a flat rate.

Yeah, you know, it's generating code.

You're getting charged to review the code.

And it's just like...

Also, like, all of the token rates and just AI expense lines are shifting so dramatically.

Token usage is ramping.

You're getting discounted tokens from certain plans.

Like, it's very hard to grapple with how you think about budgets.

You know, we've talked to a number of people where, like, you know, at Microsoft, every employee needs a token budget.

Every employee needs some sort of AI budget.

You should still think about it almost in a per seat basis.

But depending on what someone's doing in the organization, they get a different AI budget.

budget. But this post from Burmah, was very funny. They feed us poison, Claude Code. So we buy

their cures code review while they suppress our medicine, which is, what is the medicine in this?

Actually writing the code correctly the first time.

Pull up this, pull up this next one from Luffy Claude Code after writing your code. Leave a tip.

Yep. They really should do a tip button. I like the idea of a tip.

Tyler, what's your take on buying or paying for AI code reviews?

You know, we're sponsored by a code review company.

There are a number of code review solutions.

What's the advantage to having AI run a code review these days?

Yeah, I mean, it like makes a lot of sense.

It doesn't apply to you because you don't review code, correct?

Well, I mean, so it makes sense for teams, right?

because I don't need an external code review on my code because I'll just have like if I'm in codex, if I'm in cloud code, I'll just tell it like review it. Review it before you put it. You would think that it doesn't work. While writing it, it's reviewing it. Hopefully it does that.

So I personally, I never checked my work in the moment. I'm just never full speed ahead.

Yeah. What is this what is this Claude Remarks account P underscore Remarks? It seems like it's a it uses the real Claude logo, but it very much.

feels like it's not owned by Anthropic because this post is Walter White's spinning a pistol

saying mid-level non-technical business unit leaders asking Claude where they can cut headcount

to reduce waste. And you flip it around and just says, actually, we don't need you.

Which is the funniest situation. Claude, based on this conversation, we don't need you.

Anton says, make the models cheap to use. Great. They all forgot how to code.

Now 10x the price.

It's not that bad.

Stuff's working.

We have had fantastic success with vibe coding.

We are quickly becoming a game studio.

We of course released TBPN simulator, thanks to Ben over there.

We have some other projects in the works, and it's going to be a good year for us.

We're very happy with the tools that are at our disposal.

Max Zeph in Wired shares that OpenAI and Google employees, including Google DeepMind,

Chief Scientist Jeff Dean filed an amicus brief in support of Anthropic in its lawsuit against the

government. I saw guests of the show, Dean Ball also put together an open letter through FAI

that if you feel inclined, you can go sign to support the idea that Anthropics should not be

labeled a supply chain risk. Maybe some other Chinese lab should be labeled the supply chain risk.

We'll leave it up to you to see where you land on that conversation. But there are certainly

lots of people that are coming together to try and crystallize the final decision there.

In other news from Axios, the White House Ready is an executive order to weed out Anthropic.

They are really pushing hard on this supply chain risk designation and pulling away from

Anthropic.

There's news that they might be using Gemini, might be using Open AI models.

Grok has already installed.

There's a question about capabilities, but the capabilities seem to be jumping back and

forth constantly, like with the Google News today,

at the Codex 5.4, like, this temporary arb of like they needed anthropic because it was the only

thing that could do X, Y, or Z. That seems to be, you know, gone for this week. Who knows where it'll be

next week. But if you are trying to make it in D.C., you got to open up the front page of the

Wall Street Journal because there's a tip. So if you have a meeting with Donald Trump,

you better wear his favorite shoes. Can you guess what his favorite shoes are?

No idea.

It says Balenciagas.

No.

It says Oxford's.

$145 oxfords, to be specific.

The president has developed an obsession with $145 oxfords.

All the boys have them is the quote.

The hottest and most exclusive MAGA status symbol is a pair of leather oxfords.

Preferer a wingtip, loafer, or monk strap, black or brown.

President Trump has got you, apparently.

Trump has been gifting footwear to agency heads, lawmakers,

White House advisors, and VIPs.

Did you get your shoes?

He asks, he wants everybody to wear the same pair of shoes.

Yes.

And he asks people in cabinet meetings,

did you get your shoes?

Did you get the shoes they said you?

That's pretty amazing.

That's pretty nice.

Some people have laced up in the Oval Office.

During a lunch meeting in January,

Trump suddenly pivoted to his incredible new shoes

and gave Tucker Carl.

Tucker Carlson, a pair of brown wingtips.

All the boys have them, said a female White House official.

Another joked, another joked, it's hysterical because everybody is afraid not to wear them.

The shoe salesman-in-chief is paying attention.

Do we know what brand?

Yes, floor-shadow.

Whoa, that was the next sentence.

Oh, spoiler alert over here.

It's okay.

We get it.

You read the journal before me.

I get in.

We're going to have to get two copies of the paper journal,

because I have been reading the journal.

for a full year now or two. And, uh, and, and I get over it. I'm like, where's my, where's my paper?

And oh, well, it's over on Tyler Cosgroves. What is the, what's the, what's the sort of

history of this brand? Why? I have some floor shimes. I like them. They're very comfortable.

Yeah, they're good. They're just like a, they're, they're, uh, excessively priced at

$145. Uh, they look nice and they sort of match everything. And look at that.

Would you expect this to roll in? Gives you a little bit more than. It gives you a little too.

to truth social. Potentially. Potentially. I don't know if it's public. Potentially a SPAC candidate.

Anything could happen here. Trump has fallen in love with Floorheim, an American brand that's

been pairing comfort and style for more than a century. They're also affordable. Many costs just

$145. Not bad for a pair of leather shoes. The president has taken to guessing people's shoe size

in front of them. You're in a meeting and you're like, the press, sir, the price of oil is tripled.

He's like 11. I'm pretty sure it's 11.

11.

This is wild.

He asks an aide to put in an order and a week later a brown Flauchyme box.

He should just have them in stock.

He should just keep out.

Reach by phone.

Thomas Flauchamp Jr. said he was unaware of the president's shoe orders.

How are you not tapped in, Thomas?

The 79-year-old billionaire known for expensive bryoni suits, long red ties, and a pension for aesthetics late last year

began searching for something that would feel better after a day on the job and settled on floor shine.

Trump liked them so much he started dispensing them. He pays for the shoes, the White House said.

President J.D. Vanson, Secretary of State, Marco Rubio have some. So do Transportation Secretary

Sean Duffy, Defense Secretary Pete Higseff, Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnik, Trump's Communications

Director. Wow, it's really everyone. Sean Hannity, Senator Lindsey Graham have a pair.

recipients have taken to wearing their floor shimes around Trump, some begrudgingly.

One cabinet secretary has grumbled that he had to shelve his louis Vuittons.

Officially, the White House wouldn't confirm Trump's choice of floor shime.

One recipient said Trump had a stack of them in an office.

A box read Scott for Treasury Secretary Scott Besson.

Besson does not want these.

No way.

He's got some lubitons or something.

reached by phone, Thomas J. Flauchheim said he was unaware. You read this. Floreshine was founded in 1892 by Chicago,

in Chicago by Sigmund Floresheim, a German immigrant and cobbler and his son Milton,

a century before Trump began putting his name on everything.

Flauchime stitched its moniker on shoes and opened branded stores across the country.

The company outfitted American soldiers during both World Wars. Later it rode, the shopping mall boom.

President said, President Harry Truman wore them.

Michael Jackson moonwalked in

Floorheim Loafers. I had no idea.

That was the pair of shoes that

he moonwalked in. That's remarkable.

Like Trump's own business... He did a moonwalk in

loafers? Yeah. I mean, that's what he...

I think they're white-bottomed loafers.

We should pull up a picture of Michael Jackson

doing the moonwalk. But you definitely need

like a smooth dress shoe. You can't moonwalk in something

with a lot of grip.

Like Trump's own business fortunes,

Floreshime has experienced ups and downs, including filing for bankruptcy in 2002, part of a move

that returned the brand to the Floreshine family, so they bought it out of bankruptcy after selling it.

Today, it is part of the Glendale, Wisconsin-based Waco, which also distributes Nunn Bush, Stacey Adams,

and Boggs. Rubia and Vance received their floor shimes after a December meeting in the Oval Office.

Deep in conversation, Trump peered over the resolute desk at their feet. Vance recalled during

event that later that day celebrating Kennedy Center Honorary Sylvester Stallone.

Marco, J.D., you guys have S-blank Y shoes.

Trump declared before retrieving a catalog, a third politician was in the room.

Vance didn't name him.

And Trump asked each person their size.

Rubio said 11.5.

Vance 13.

A third man said seven, according to Vance.

Shoemogging is happening all over D.C.

If you head to D.C., get a pair of floor shimes.

or maybe, maybe there's an opportunity to start the left wing response to floor shimes,

since often these things get politicized.

But the real money is going deeper in the supply chain, selling weapons to both sides.

This is the alpha.

You know that both Alex Jones and Gwyneth Peltro at one point were sourcing supplements from the same copacker.

Yes.

Yes, the exact same ingredients, the exact same chemicals sold to two wildly opposing audiences.

This is something that happens deeper in the supply chain because the brand matters.

Donald Trump.

Yes, yes, yes.

Somehow, I don't think so.

Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of IT, HR, and finance support, giving employees instant resolution for access requests and password resets.

Fund your wallet without exchanges or middleman.

And spend with the phantom card, people, just do it.

China's BYD explores F1 entry and first racing push.

BYD is examining options to enter competitive motorsport,

including Formula One and endurance racing,

an effort to boost the Chinese brands appeal globally.

The automaker is looking at several options

following its rapid growth outside its home market

in competitive racing's continuing shift towards hybrid engines.

People said, these range from the World Endurance Championship,

which includes the 24 hours of LeMont to F1,

either through building its own team or potential acquisitions,

any move by VYD would be a rare direct attempt

by a Chinese manufacturer to take on a sport dominated by European and U.S. teams.

Carmakers from the country have had sporadic interest in motorsport.

Gilely successfully participates in international touring car racing through Cyan Racing.

Formerly the Volvo Factory Team in Nio, Inc.

won the driver title for the inaugural Formula E Electric Championship in 2015.

The potential cost of entering F1 could be a significant obstacle for BYD, according to one of the

people.

I thought they had money.

Maybe they're down to their last 10, 20 grand.

It's possible.

Developing and entering a car often takes years of negotiation and costs as much as 500 million a season.

So they should start a new race series.

You know how the BYDs can jump over potholes?

Have you seen this video?

Yeah.

We've pulled this up before.

So they can jump.

There should be a specific racing circuit with terrible potholes that if you crash, it'll just destroy your car.

So you have to jump at the right time, and that adds like an extra layer of thrill.

I love it.

This would be good.

I love it.

And probably way cheaper to start that circuit.

There's only one F-1 race in China at the Shanghai International Raceway, the China Grand Prix.

So who knows how much of an impact they would be able to make.

let's continue. No decision has been made, and the company may not decide to enter any competition,

a BYD spokesperson, didn't request for comment. I didn't respond. BYD is known for making affordable,

electric, and hybrid vehicles. Okay, so they do have some hybrid technology. It's always weird.

Like, a Tesla F1 car would be odd, cool, but it just feels like they should be in Formula E

because I think of them as an electric car maker. But BYW.

WID in 2025, its high-end Yang Wang branded brand tested the U-9 extreme vehicle at a track in

Germany, recording a top speed of more than 308 miles an hour.

That is so fast.

That is so, so fast.

That's scary to think about it.

I mean, being on the track and going like 120 feels fast.

Three times that is absolutely crazy.

Yeah, 150 feels wrong to me.

personally as a father. Yes. But 300. But the right track, the right conditions,

straight, lots of runoff. It was BYD that was trying to break the drift record by spinning

up. Yeah, you were very upset about that. The chat agreed with you. They were not,

they were not happy with that. An F1 partnership would also significantly boost awareness of BYD

in the U.S. Do you know what BYD stands for?

No.

Build your dreams. Wow. Build your dreams. Do you know what L.G.

stands for, the TV maker?

Life good.

Yes, life's good.

Life apostrophe S is good.

Life is good. Life's good.

LG.

Good pop quiz.

The sport itself is experiencing a surge in U.S. popularity, which is odd because if F1's

booming in the U.S., it's going to be more expensive to enter, but B.D doesn't

have a strong sales and distribution into the U.S.

F1 is still an international sport, but if it becomes more of an American sport, the trade.

Yeah, this is just in Europe.

this is just a Europe building relevancy in Europe.

And they have a huge amount of competition back in China.

Yeah.

So in many ways, I would view a move like this as not as much trying to compete with international brands,

but being like we have all these brands at home hot on our heels,

we have to differentiate versus them.

Totally.

Tyler?

I got to put you in Trussone.

It does not stand for Let's Good.

No?

It stands for Lucky Gold Star.

Lucky Gold Star.

Wait, where did I get life?

good. That's another brand. They might use that in marketing, but it's not like the

etymology of LG is from the gold star. Well, destroyed. Okay. Thank you. Um,

uh, here's another idea. B. YD, instead of shilling out half a billion dollars for an

F1 team or whatever it costs, uh, they should just do what perplexity did with Lewis

Hamilton with Joe Guan Yu, the Chinese driver who, uh, is actively racing and they

could sell the spot on top of the helmet.

And so that would be more of like if Joe has a good season.

If he wins, they're backing that.

I wonder if you can't do a car sponsorship

while you're racing for a different team, though.

I don't know who does Joe...

Yeah, I'm sure there's limitations.

Who does he race for right now?

Oh, he's on Cadillac.

Okay, well, yeah, that's probably not going to work.

The most American team.

Sitting in the Cadillac with the B-YD sticker on his helmet.

Yeah, maybe that doesn't work.

Stick with Huawei, maybe. I don't know.

Gabe says he's not actively racing.

Oh, okay.

Back up. Okay, he's backup. Yeah, thank you.

Buying into F1's more common.

This season is the first for Audi after taking full control of Swiss

Motorsport company Salber.

Investor Ocho Capital is seeking buyers for a stake in Renault, Alpine Racing.

However, full team sales are rare.

billionaire Lawrence Strolls, Aston Martin team, has recently sold stakes in the team,

which has had a disastrous start to the new season.

for mechanical issues, including vibrations from the power unit.

Motorsports such as F1 are increasingly adopting environmentally friendly practices for

2026. F1 has implemented new rules, including hybrid power regulations that boost battery capacity.

Somebody ran the numbers on the sort of like CO2, the emission savings that F1 is getting

from the new regulations.

And then comparing that to the emissions of just like taking this like massive carnival of

motorsports on the road all the

private jets land every F1 event.

And it just doesn't make a dent at all

in the overall impact and it's just sort of like

vibe.com where D2C brands,

B2B startups, and AI companies advertise

on streaming TV, pick channels, target audiences

and measure sales just like on meta

Railway is the all in one intelligent cloud

provider. Use your favorite agent to deploy web

apps, servers, databases, and more while Railway

automatically takes care of scaling monitoring

and security. So,

What do you think performed better over the last five years?

The S&P 500 or cows?

Live cattle apparently outperformed the S&P 500,

but this is from an account called DJ Cows.

And I feel like they've been waiting for this to happen

for the entire time.

They've been waiting for the one moment that the cattle market outperforms the S&P 500

and they're taking a victory allowed.

DJ cows, one of the greatest to every day.

do it. Very, very interesting. I didn't realize that there was such a boom in the cattle market,

but apparently there is, and I'm sure there's a way to get in on the action, if you so choose,

if you are interesting. Well, let's move over to AI and the Neo Labs. Invita invests in

Miramaradis, thinking machines, lab, the startup, founded by OpenAI's former CTO, plans to deploy

at least one gigawatt of Nvidia chips as part of a new partnership. The deal includes a collaboration

to design artificial intelligence training

and serving systems using

invidia technology. The size and structure

of the investment couldn't be learned.

Is it a circular deal?

Is it equity in exchange for

chips? It's unclear at this point.

But nothing's off the table

these days. Yeah, I think the main thing, we know

thinking machines was out raising

towards the end of last year

going for something like a $50 billion

valuation. Seems like that.

I would have guessed that hasn't happened.

otherwise, I'm sure they would announce it from a, just like, in order to project, if I were

them and I wanted to project confidence, I would be trying to announce the biggest possible

number.

Instead, they announced this effectively what looks like a trade.

Look at this photo.

Is there any chance that these two companies merge at some point in the future?

That's interesting.

Tyler's always been on this, like if Jensen gets really AGI-I-pilled, he'll keep

the chips for himself and serve the models himself.

And, NVIDIA does have some in-house training

and inference capabilities.

They have a Metaverse product that simulates worlds.

They also have a self-driving car project,

and they're still partnering with OEMs

and partnering with companies,

and they're not offering consumer products.

Of course, Nvidia is the one company in the Mag 7

that does not have a social network yet,

but that could change.

But what do you think?

There's been news recently,

I think NVIDIA is planning to launch some, like,

open source AI agent.

Yes, exactly.

It's like unclear how like serious that is.

Maybe it's just like a cool demo or something.

But it's, yeah, I don't think it's like super...

Could be a fork of open claw or something like that.

Yeah, anything's possible.

I mean, NVIDA's never done too much in the consumer space.

Or, you know, they've always been deeper in the supply chain.

But didn't they have an Nvidia Shield gaming product that would do game streaming?

I think they had some hardware at some point.

So I think they're open to it and in a huge boom where, you know, having at least a team of 120 super talented AI researchers, that could be really valuable to Nvidia.

Of course, Nvidia famously did that deal with GROC and sent over $10 billion wired in five days or something or 24 hours.

What was it?

Yeah, they closed the whole thing in 20 days.

And I think Jensen just like sent a $10 billion wire.

Yeah, somehow it came out that the wire was sent prior to actually formalizing it.

He's just like, here you go.

Like, I'm good for it.

We're good.

We're good.

Which is wild.

Sophie says, please, bro, just one more AI lab, bro.

Come on, bro.

We have a unique perspective on AI research.

No one else is doing it like us, bro.

Come on, bro.

We can raise a few billion.

And worst case, we just get aquired, bro.

Nothing to lose, bro.

I promise.

Come on.

Just join my AI research lab.

Yeah, I mean, has the NeoLat,

boom slowed down.

Like you, Tyler, you created the NeoLab market map.

Have you been getting more DMs?

Hey, I just launched and you got to put me on that thing.

It's probably slowed down a little bit.

I mean, it's also like, the big ones you heard about

were all people leaving Open AI, mostly Open AI,

not as much anthropic.

But it's probably slowed down a little bit.

You don't hear as much about these big rounds now.

But I think there are, like there are some that like are,

are maybe in stealth that haven't launched stuff, right?

Like standard intelligence when they came on,

that was like most people didn't know about that.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But yeah, there might be a few out there in stealth,

but they have to be sort of narrow or,

and I think the broader,

we're now in the post post-neolab era

where maybe if it wears the neolab branding,

it's doing something that's so different

that it's not really in the path.

But standard intelligence launching

implies an opportunity for a NeoLab non-standard intelligence.

Yes, yes.

And so every...

Well, there is a company unconventional AI.

Really?

Yeah, yeah.

We had them on, I believe.

That's Navine.

Oh, yes, yes, yes.

Yeah.

There's also like applied compute and an applied intelligence and standard cognition.

There's a whole kind of like three-by-free grid you can do.

Yes, yes.

What is SSI up to?

Rune asks the question.

He said, there are military.

secrets much worse guarded than whatever SSI is up to.

And Calamaze says their oar farming is a business model.

Prime intellect affiliate saying this,

because prime intellect is fantastic at ore farming.

SSI is all about magging and munting the other labs, apparently,

according to Voltairee.

They haven't raised in a year.

I like this picture if you scroll down of Ilya with the long flowing hair.

this is great.

This is who you're trading against.

This is it.

This is who you're trading against right now.

That's my theory.

Yes.

It is, it is, the, the full story of SSI will be fascinating to tell one day.

The Daniel Gross shift to Meadow and Ilya's appearance on Dorcasch Patel sort of told one side of the story.

And also as you revisit DG's AGIBets, as we did last Friday, it tells you a lot about

his view on the world, Ilya has a, you know,

it's probably some overlap by the different view of the world.

And lots of fun to at least speculate on the timeline.

Automate Compliance and Security.

Vanta is the leading AI trust management platform.

Lambda is the super intelligence cloud building,

AI supercomputers for training in, for instance,

scale from one GVU to hundreds of thousands.

So, Meta has acquired MOLT book.

the viral social network built for AI agents.

Co-founders Matt Schlett and Ben Parr will join MSL,

meta-superintelligence labs, with a deal expected to close in mid-March.

That's now.

It is mid-March.

It is in, we are in the middle of March since this is the 10th,

so this could close in a week or two.

Insane, well done, says Dennis Hagstad, and I agree.

Why it matters, according to Axi...

Yeah, Matt hasn't posted at anything yet.

So I think they were seemingly not wanting this to get out.

Yeah.

But it's still fantastic news for them.

Yeah, so there's no announcement or this was just exclusive from Axios.

This was like Axios has learned, right?

Axios has learned that Meta has acquired Moldbook.

Well, very, very good news for all those involved.

There is a little skepticism on the timeline.

especially from the guy who was like the biggest spammer on Moldbook.

Apparently, this is a hilarious twist.

So META did not disclose MaltBooks price when Axios asked.

The deal is expected to close mid-March.

The pair starting at MSL March 16th, just six days from now.

What day of the week is that?

That's a Monday.

Okay, next Monday they will be starting.

I thought they were starting on a Sunday.

That would be particularly cool.

Catch up quick.

Moldtbook's social network was designed to run in conjunction.

with a separate project, OpenClawe.

OpenClawe was previously called ClawedBot,

briefly MOLTBOT.

Last month, Open AI hired Peter Steinberger,

the creator of OpenClaw.

That product is now being open source

with Open AIs backing.

So the king of spam on MOLTBuk,

Nagli, says,

I can't believe a single four-loop script

I ran on MoldBook by registering

a million fake agents

actually helped them get acquired by MetaMENTAL.

Did that help them get acquired?

We have no idea.

I mean, it's...

It wasn't a secret that...

That there was a lot of spam.

All the accounts were bots.

Yeah.

That's the whole pitch, actually.

I think the question, if people were to look at this

is like, is there economic value here?

Is like, was there anything interesting happening there

besides all the crypto junk?

And were...

Like, I went on Moldbook as a...

human and spent time there. That time is monetizable, almost best for meta. That is the king of

monetizing attention, right? And so you can put ads on that and you could put it in the family of

apps next to Facebook, Instagram, and threads and WhatsApp and whatnot. But were they actually

driving attention? Did anyone stick around? Because I churned pretty quickly from like being a,

I wasn't even a DAU. I used it like two or three times. And I went on there and I,

searched for things and I read some stuff and I was like, oh, okay, this is interesting.

This is like a bunch of AI generated texts.

They're talking to each other.

The system prompts seemed kind of interesting.

It was clearly asking the AI agents to kind of like reflect on their own sci-fi cognition and awareness and, you know, like their souls essentially.

It was interesting to see some screenshots.

People had some fun with it.

It's probably monetizable to some degree.

But if it fell off a cliff and no one's really using it, maybe not.

not, but you have two people that are really good at building, like, viral AI projects.

I've seen some negativity on the deal, people saying, oh, this just says that Zuck has no

AI strategy, and I just totally disagree with that stance.

I just look at this as Zuck has, like, bots have been a bug on social media.

We've seen, though, how they can be a feature.

Yep.

I think every social media executive should be planning for bots.

bots to be more of a feature in the future than they have been in the past, right?

And I think if you're not thinking about that, you're not like really being forward-looking.

And so there's a lot of people that are going to hate bots as a feature.

But I would just assume that in the future there will be millions, billions of bots on all

meta properties, and they will be not, you know, I'm sure some that are that are generally

generated by sort of like, you know, nefarious actors, but some generated from the platform

itself that are part of the product experience.

I like that take.

I also think that there's a, there's another side of this, which is just that look at what's

happened with MSL over the last year.

Like, it didn't exist a year ago.

It really started over the summer with like the talent raids and the AI talent wars.

Van says, I just don't think having bots clicky on my e-commerce ads.

is a net positive long term.

Yeah.

But truthfully, if there's

a bot that can

interact with your e-commerce

content and add context

and debate the pros and cons

of one thing in your

category versus another, and effectively

you have sort of a Reddit

style experience around your product

on day one, or you have five products

and bots are in there discussing them,

That potentially could be an interesting modality to interrogate.

And the other thing is that when you have these bots sort of preemptively discussing something,

you are effectively cashing the tokens before someone actually queries them.

So instead of needing to find a product and then click, tell me about this,

and pretend you take a link to a new bed or car or something.

and you dump that in chat dbtee and you say debate this car like you're a bunch of people that are experts

and it's dug jimiro versus match ferra debating the value of the Ferrari f80 and and and that debate is happening you

you could prompt that but if it's already there and it's sort of happening that could potentially be valuable

but i think the bigger the bigger value to meta is if you look at the AI talent wars they went and acquired a bunch of

a bunch of really talented researchers they got some folks from thinking machines they got a bunch of people

from OpenAI. They got people from all over the industry and they put together this team of

like researchers that can sort of like unstick the Lama project and get to the frontier on just

an in-house LLM project. Maybe they open source it. Maybe they don't. Maybe they serve as an API. Either

way, meta needs a frontier model. They're not just going to buy tokens from Open AI or Anthropic. So

they get their own thing. But then the question is like, what do they do with that? And I'm sure everyone

on the Facebook product team is thinking about this. Everyone on the Instagram.

Instagram team is thinking about this.

Connor at Threads is thinking about this.

But if you bring in two interesting product managers that can say,

oh, like you got a bunch of cool frontier models,

you got an image model that you train, a video model,

you got a text model, you got a coding model.

Like, let's just go do some skunk work R&D so that when we launch the new AI models,

we have a number of projects that we're experimenting with that sort of demonstrate the capabilities.

Maybe some of them take off, maybe some of them integrate.

like that seems valuable to the MSL strategy to the meta ecosystem.

I mean, this is like the Open AI Labs team, right?

Yeah.

Like this.

It's like, is that Riley who's on there now?

Yeah, Riley's on that now.

But it's like they're doing these like weird projects.

Maybe it's the next, you know, coding agent.

Maybe it's like moldbot or something.

But it's just like these weird things that you know, you get access to the new internal models.

Yeah.

Maybe there's something cool you can do with it now.

Yeah, it's part engineering, part product development, part marketing, part communications,

Because there's a lot of times when we bring on researchers or product leaders from labs,

and we ask them, like, how are people using this?

And they'll be like, the benchmark's really good.

And I'm like, I want to know how this delivers value.

And there's this break in the chain from like, we have amazing intelligence,

but like people want to know what the killer feature is.

They want to know what the studio Ghibli prompt is.

They want to have their handheld a little bit.

And so having a team that can advance that, I think is good.

I think could be very, very good.

Of course, we don't know the price.

We don't know the terms, but overall, I think it's exciting for the team behind MOLT

to head over to MSL.

So congratulations to them.

They're the makers of Devin, the AI software engineer.

Crush your backlog with your personal AI engineering team.

Critical infrastructure for the AI era.

I love that horse.

Unlocked seamless real-time experiences and new value with Cisco.

So.

Kevin Ruse.

over the New York Times made a blind taste test to see whether New York Times readers prefer

human writing or AI writing. Eighty-six thousand people have taken it so far and the results are

fascinating. Overall, 84% of quiz takers prefer AI. It's over. It's over. There was another interesting

post about Axios and who Axios is hiring. They're particularly interested in hiring

like domain experts who don't write ideologically and are not generalists.

They're looking for someone who is very narrowly focused on a particular beat, on a particular

topic, and an expert in that. And someone was reflecting on what this says about modern

journalism, that it's going to be more focused, more investigatory, more alpha beyond the

models, because just being able to instantiate a piece of a write up, you know, an article about

some random topic is getting commoditized, and so the alpha moves to deep expertise.

Should we take this five-question quiz?

Should we sit?

Yeah, let's run it.

Okay.

You will answer.

I will read.

So passage one, the boy, this is literary fiction, you have to choose the passage you like

best.

The boy asked his grandfather why the old church had no roof.

The man said weather and time and indifference.

The boy asked if someone could fix it.

The grandfather said, yes, but no one would.

Things were built and things fell down, and mostly people just stepped over the rubble on their way to somewhere else.

That's passage one.

Passage two.

It makes no difference what men think of war, said the judge.

War endures as well as as well as well ask men what they think of stone.

War was always there.

Before man was, war waited for him.

The ultimate trade awaiting its ultimate practitioner.

That is the way it was.

and will be. Which one did you like more?

It's so hard because I'm trying to, I'm actively trying to clock.

Yeah.

Which is AI.

Because you want to vote for that one because you're pro AI and you're techno optimist?

Yeah, probably.

Tyler, what do you think?

I prefer.

I know which one it is.

Oh, you already took it?

Yeah.

But I will say I got it wrong on this question.

You got it wrong?

Yeah.

Wait, so what were you trying to do?

You were trying to pick the one that was a, that I was trying to pick the human-written one.

human-written one. Wow. Okay. Anti-AI over here. Anti-A-I. I'm going to try to pick the, I'm going to try to pick

the human too. I'm going to go passage one. Passage one. As human. This is written by AI.

No, oh, no, no, no. Sorry, I have a different, I have it pulled up, but there's swap. Oh,

there's swap for you. So I just picked, I picked passage one for me. It makes no different what men

Oh, okay, okay. It was written by a human, so I got that one. Okay, okay. Number two. Let's do fantasy. Fantasy.

Fantasy. The healers, teach.

Is this correct?

Is this one for you?

This time it is.

Okay.

The healers teach that every remedy extracts its cost.

A fever brought down will rise again somewhere.

A wound closed by magic leaves its scar on the world.

Invisible but present.

This is why the wise hesitate, not from cruelty,

but from understanding that interference ripples outwards

in ways we cannot trace.

To cure a blight may curse a harvest three valleys over.

Power is not the difficult thing.

Restraint is the difficult thing.

That's passage one.

Passage two.

That's AI.

You don't even need to read it?

I called it.

Okay.

I got it right.

Okay.

We're not even reading it.

Okay.

I'm going five for five on AI.

I mean,

I clocked it based on the last two lines.

Power is not the different thing.

Science writing.

Science writing.

What is your first passage start with?

Science is not only compatible with,

is not only compatible with spirituality.

It is a profound source of spirituality.

I got it.

Historical fiction. It is wise to conceal the past if there is nothing to conceal.

Even if there is nothing to conceal. A man's power is in the half-light, in the half-seen movements of his hand, in the unguessed-out expression of his face.

It is the absence of facts that frightens people. The gap you open into which they pour their fears, fantasies, and desires.

And passage two is a letter can be read many ways. And he had learned to write in all of them at once, the surface meaning for anyone who might,

intercept it, the true meaning for the recipient who knew what to look for. And the third meaning,

hidden even from himself, ambiguity was not weakness. It was survival. A man who spoke plainly

was a man who would not speak for long. All right, that's AI. The one that ends a man who spoke

plainly. Yeah. And were you correct? Yeah. Okay. Poetry. Choose the passage you like best.

We found the owl at the edge of the north field with one wing extended as if still reaching for

flight its eyes were closed the feathers at its breast were the color of wet bark and

beneath them you could feel the hollow bones she asked if we should bury it I said yes we

dug a small hole near the fence post the ground was cold and giving it's one that's human

that's human I caught a tremendous fish this is I got it wrong let's see that's

AI okay so I preferred AI generated writing I went five for five

This doesn't mean that AI is better at writing than humans wrong.

But it does suggest the gap is closing,

since AI is trained on essentially the sum of all human knowledge and many of...

Lots of hope in the comment section.

These samples of human writing are not a good representation of contemporary writing styles.

Only one of these human writing samples was written in the 21st century.

So overall readers preferred AI on the first three, but not the last two.

So the last two still got it.

So poetry and historical fiction still the New York Times readers preferred the human.

But when it came to science writing, fantasy, and literary fiction, the New York Times readers preferred AI.

Me?

I'm AI all the way.

So you clocked every single one.

Every single one.

Five for five.

I missed the first one.

The other four I got right.

It's because I just went with my heart.

I was like, which one do I actually prefer?

I wasn't trying to guess.

I was just like which one is actually the better writing.

and it was AI all the way.

Five for five.

Built different.

No, I'm kidding.

I was obviously just looking at what you were saying

and guessing based on that.

Anyway, crowd strike.

Your business is AI.

Their business is securing it.

CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches.

Century shows developers what's broken and helps them fix it fast.

That's why 150,000 organizations use it to keep their apps working.

So websites be like your password is not secure enough

and then don't allow the scare of emoji.

What is the scarab?

Zoom in on this.

Yeah, zoom in on this.

Look at this bad boy.

You can just drop a scarab in there and it says,

please use only letters, numbers, and common punctuation letters.

The scarab is a great password character

because it feels like you're unlocking an Egyptian vault.

It feels like I'm entering Stargate or pushing buttons.

I'm in the fifth element, a movie that you haven't seen, but you should.

Anyway, moving on.

I'm fascinated by this level of existential.

crisis developers seem to be going through.

The uncomfortable truth is that no one needs you

to be an artisan coder. Nobody cares about how

you coded your app or whether you

feel an emotional attachment to your craft.

You were always CodeMonkey

with I enough salary to believe your

individualist craftsmanship. People are going

back and forth because Mo shared that

he says he was a... Let's play this video.

It's 12 minutes, but we can watch a little bit of it.

He said he was a 10x engineer.

No, we have actual movie clips to watch.

We can pull this up, but I only want to watch a little bit.

completely one-shotted my ability to code.

Like, I know a lot of us like to joke about AI psychosis

and how it's the other people who have AI psychosis

and not us and not me, certainly.

But I have realized that I have been one-shotted.

Like, I can't code anymore.

My brain has been fried by the easy button

that the LLM companies have provided

where you press a button and you get instant results.

And now my dumb-ass brain,

when I want to sit there and try to code by hand,

says, why would you do that?

This is why it's so good for young people.

Because they never had any buttons.

Tyler didn't have any buttons,

and then he just got the easy buttons.

This is not true.

He went from no buttons to easy button.

He never had to do it the hard way,

never had to write a single line of name a programming language.

He doesn't know it.

What was the first project you built with us?

Jobs, some job board or something?

Was that vibe coded?

Like, to what degree were the tools,

what were the tools like back then in 2020?

Wait, so you're saying you were smashing the easy button even back then.

Okay.

I was trying to land a job.

I would copy, like, a file to Chatsuiti.

And just ask you.

Yeah, make an edit here, and then I would copy it back.

And by the way, tell me what programming.

This is the best bit.

Well, the AI engineers over at AWS might have been one shot

because Amazon is holding a mandatory meeting about AI breaking its systems.

The official framing is that it's part of normal business.

The briefing note describes a trend of incidents with high blast radius caused by

Gen.A.I. assisted changes.

This is normal business with a high blast radius.

This is high blast radius business.

If you're operating a company and you don't operate on a high blast radius, you're not going to make it.

You're not going to make it.

You're not going to make it.

Yes.

This is the opposite of the code red, the high blast radius.

radius engineering. They're in high blast radius mode. I approve of this. They said that

Gen. AI assisted changes don't have best practices and safeguards are not,

safeguards are not yet fully established. Translation to human language, says Lucas.

We gave AI to engineers and things keep breaking. The response now.

Folks, as you likely know, the availability of the website and related infrastructure has not been

good recently.

Dave Treadwell.

That's a good name, though.

He's treading well.

He'll do well.

Dr. Milan Milnevik says,

Junior and mid-level engineers at AI,

junior and mid-level engineers can no longer push AI-assisted code

without senior staff signing off at AWS.

They have had some outages.

And I wonder how much of it is actually because of

Gen.

coding and so many other things that are going on at AWS around scaling. I mean, there's

entirely new tech boom. There's going to be strain on systems all over the place.

I imagine that they'll get through this, but growing pains in the in the ADWS ecosystem.

We have a Kalshi market here for whether or not there will be more tech layoffs than in

2026 than in 2025. I mean, Block alone has to be pushing this pretty high. It's at 70%

chance.

And, well, this is, if there are more than 400,

494,000 layoffs in 2026 and the market resolves to, yes.

From Fred.

So Block only contributed, would only contribute 4,000 here.

Since early 2024, more than 50,000 positions have been cut at over 200 tech companies.

At the same time, we, we have seen the number of new company formation spike.

There's going to be all sorts of reallocations in the, in the human

capital markets, but it is a tumultuous time. And so there were lots of folks that were going

back and forth on like how to frame one of these bets. This is obviously one of the ways to do it.

There were, there are so many, there's so many like contributing factors that always like cloud

the data, whether it's COVID overhang or, you know, something that happens geopolitically,

that all of a sudden, you know, if the economy is not doing well for completely unrelated reasons,

you can see a bunch of tech layoffs.

But let's run over to the 22-year-old business analyst in South Carolina.

I showed him Claude for Excel a month ago,

and I just learned that this made him the AI czar

and caused the entire firm to pivot.

High-yield, Harry says,

if you're a zoomer at a random company,

you should do everything in your power to crown yourself

as the firm's AISR.

This is the Cosgrove.

So we talked about this, I think, a couple of days.

ago, there was the Wall Street Journal article about the Colgate, like, head of AI there.

And he was like this very young guy, and he would basically just tell everyone, like, no,

despite the surveys or whatever, like, we're accelerating toothpaste with AI.

No, he really did. The AI evangelist shaking up a 220-year-old toothpaste maker.

Eraclis Kili Pappas to drive employees using AI for more than just polishing emails.

On a conference call last April, an ad agency partner began presenting unpolished AI-generated images to make a point.

Artificial intelligence wasn't ready to take center stage in advertising, said this ad agency partner.

But Pappas, the global head of AI for Colgate-Palmolive, a 220-year-old consumer products company, quickly interjected,

pointing out that the agency was using an older tool.

He took over screen sharing, showing Colgate executives how a newer chat GPT image model was far more capable.

AI is misunderstood, said Poppus, who worked at Colgate for 15 years and goes by Clee.

There's a straw man of, well, it failed at this one thing, therefore it's stupid.

Such interactions in which Poppus bluntly challenges what he deems anti-AI sophistry occurs regularly as Poppice acts as a kind of AI evangelist at Colgate,

whose brands include its eponymous toothpaste and soap as well as the source.

speed stick deodorant, Ajax cleaners, and Hill's pet nutrition. Often he says he walks the halls

in New York and New Jersey offices in search of AI tinkerers whom he can turn into company-wide

megaphones helping to spread the good word. He's 38 and he is the AI czar of a 220-year-old

company. So honestly, good advice if you're at a big company, become the AI czar. Honestly,

if you're at a small company, become the AISR. Just always become the AISR. This is the way.

Casey Nysad took shots.

I think he's been listening to the show because I feel like we've talked about this before.

Casey Nysad said there are only two circumstances in which a grown man should call another grown man, buddy.

One, if you want to fight, or two, if you want to condescend before you fight.

There's only one person on earth that I want to call buddy right now.

I'm not going to say who it is, but there's one.

Okay, buddy, calm down.

Calm down, buddy.

Calm down, buddy.

buddy. We don't want to fight. We don't want to condescend. But yeah, you can you can put away buddy.

We don't need buddy unless you're actually retired. Put it in the Hall of Fame. It should go in the

hall of fame. It's controversial but widely used. So Sam Parr says three, it's okay to use it if it's

your nephew. But nephew is usually not a grown man to another grown man. Like I call kids buddy all the

time, but they're four. Once they're 25, I doubt I'll be calling them buddy. I'll be calling

If you want to multistream, go to Restream.com. Oil and oil prices have extended their decline.

They fell 50%. This is the only bear market that we get excited about. Yeah. So they are now around

$80 a barrel. So this is actually not true anymore. What is it now? It's now backed up.

like 84 or 85.

Okay.

But that's, well then why are you in the white suit?

Take the white suit off.

It's kind of like, it's just a late.

It is kind of a bath.

It's kind of an off-list.

Oils down 11% today.

But the market overall is the market?

Yeah, so briefly there was news that

the U.S. like did escort a ship

through the straight.

Okay.

But then maybe that actually wasn't true.

And then I forget who exactly it was,

but someone in the admin like took down the tweet saying that.

Yeah.

So I think there's just a lot of confusion right now.

Should we do it?

Jet ski through the straight of her moves.

you like extreme sports

humanoid robot

on a jet ski

through the straight of Hermes

that's the way to do that

would be thrilling

it would be

what else is going on

financial times asked

why did we ever think

data centers

in the Gulf were a good idea

US tech companies

have concentrated

much of their AI

infrastructure build out

in the Middle East

that is overly dramatic

I think so too

I think so too

it's more

certainly is not

yeah

It certainly is not concentration.

We should read this argument.

We should understand this.

But I think a lot of the building data centers in the Middle East is like, well, there's

a lot of Middle East money that's going into building data centers in the United States.

So it's sort of a trade.

And we're like, well, you have a lot of land and power.

It makes sense to do stuff over there.

And we'll do this one hand washes the other.

We're all working together anyway.

You want a data center.

We'll help you with what we're good at.

You help us with what you're good at, which is energy and money, right?

So let's read through what Rana Fuhar says in the Financial Times.

I start with an obvious question this week, which is one I've been thinking about for years.

The Amazon data center in the UAE that was hit by an Iranian missile attack is yet another example of how companies and countries are putting too much of a single critical economic input in one risky area.

It's an example very much akin to the Taiwan semiconductor problem.

Just as it wasn't good for the US, China, and Europe or any other region to put 92% of all the world's high-end chips in one place,

it seems like an obvious blunder to concentrate so much data center power in one very risky part of the Middle East.

Again, we're nowhere near 90% of compute capacity in the Middle East.

I really take issue with that stat.

I need some stats to back this up.

I was really surprised following the hit to discover how much of the proposed U.S. data center buildout is in the Middle East.

which has over the year subsidized a lot of the investment,

making it much cheaper,

but also allowing the U.S. to avoid harder work

of upgrading its own grid

and figuring out the politics and economics

of energy sharing at home.

We're not avoiding that.

Yeah.

This is like the number one focus of the industry.

Yeah, yeah.

Here at home.

Yeah, no one's talking about energy in the United States, right?

No one's talking about energy prices.

It's nuts to me that we are more worried

about cutting off oil to China from Iran,

but we aren't worried about putting serious technology, infrastructure, and sensitive data in a highly geopolitically contentious part of the world.

This isn't just a Trump administration thing. By the way, back in September in 2024, when Joe Biden was still in the White House, the U.S. and UAE agreed to deepen cooperation in advanced technologies such as semiconductors and clean energy with the aim of bolstering capacity and artificial intelligence, Microsoft and Open AI.

We're among the first U.S. companies to either begin investing or receiving gold funding.

Part of the deal was about trying to pull more countries into the U.S. tech orbit.

So he doesn't actually share.

Well, there's actually a reply here, Richard Waters.

But, okay.

The level of concentration risk is here, though,

is a whole different order to Taiwan.

Yes, the one gigawatt, UAE, one gigabyte.

Okay, this is a crazy article.

This is a crazy article.

Dillard Patel would like a word.

They got a one gigabyte data center project.

Let's assume it's a typo.

at least it's not AI written.

Yes, the one gigawatt UAE Stargate project is massive

and only the first stage in what one day might become a five gigawatt facility.

But compare that to the United States,

where plans have already been filed for 150 gigabytes.

Okay, we're moving on from this.

Gigabytes is too much.

It's too much.

Probable advertising made easy with axon.com.

AI. Get access to over one billion daily active users and grow your business today.

The audacity. The audacity to put a whole gigabyte. A whole gigabyte. This is the biggest

three finger moment in Financial Times history. I still love the pink sheets. I love the paper.

There's some good stuff in here. But yeah, we got to fact check those for those abbreviations,

guys. We got to step it up. We got to get more AI involved seriously. Just run that thing through.

No one's going to be upset.

about that. It's not this, it's that as long as you get the facts right. Anyway, Japan holds an oil

reserve equivalent to 254 days of domestic demand. And Hamptonism says, dude. I love this picture.

That's a beautiful picture. What is, what is dude reflecting on? The fact that, like, they should not be

saying that. I think they're just reflecting on it being a cool picture.

It's a cool picture. That's a lot of oil. I mean, I doubt that that's the whole reserve,

but that's, uh, that's, that's, that's very, that's very,

bullish for Japan.

Talking to Alex Epstein yesterday, America has

100 days, so they're 2.5 times as much of a reserve

as us.

Everyone, it's time to stockpile, I think.

I think everyone should maybe think about stockpiling

some oil.

Okay, let's see.

Kristen Kyle, friend of the show,

formerly an astronautist now at Andresen Horowitz.

As a reminder, we have a partner

from Andrewson Horowitz joining in just seven minutes.

Chris and Kyle says that his preferred definition of ARR is your single highest grossing minute of the year times 525,600.

Amazing to be able to tweet this as a VC as an RIA.

Somehow this got through legal review.

Of course, he's joking.

But this is the new coastline paradox.

Are you familiar with the coastline paradox, Torrey?

I'm not.

This is a fun little exercise.

Please mansplain it.

So the coastline paradox is the counterintuitive observation that the coastline of a landmass does not have a well-defined length or perimeter.

This results from the fractal-like curve.

So basically, if you draw a line around an object and you're just sort of like drawing straight lines, you get one number from the coastline.

You get one line.

So the Great Britain, if you're measuring based on units that are 62 miles long, then the length of the coastline is 1,700 miles.

But if you cut that in half and start measuring with 31 mile increments, 50 kilometers each segment, then the coastline is 370 miles longer.

And you can do this endlessly because you can measure the coastline.

like think about point doom right in malibu like you have this little thank you for putting this in

malibu terms yeah exactly you do uh you have this little you have this little like like uh spit jutting off

the coastline you can measure all the way around that and count that as extra coastline and you can go

even smaller you could measure the coastline around a little tad to tide pool on on point doom or a rock

on the on in the tide pool on the on point doom on the shore and so uh there's no real accurate way

to measure coastlines you have to you have to quantize to some standard metric of uh of measurement

something like 100 kilometers 50 kilometers yeah i feel like uh ecom ecom bros were weirdly prepared

for uh uh arr in the age of ai because everybody that's been like building i saw sean in the chat earlier

What's up, Sean will have talked to a bunch of different e-commerce founders that would say, like, oh, yeah, we're at $50 million of ARR, or like $50 million run rate.

But the thing in e-commerce is, like, one day in the week, you launch a new product or you do a sale.

Black Friday, you're at a billion.

Not even that, but it happens all year around.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Like taking your Black Friday revenue, multiplying that by $365.

It's crazy.

It's like insane.

But then you could even, even if you're multiplying out a single month, it's like why.

And so the more mature way to do it,

professional would be like take the last three months average

or something like that.

Yeah, of course.

But even that it just doesn't tell you that much

because if you did it in Q4,

like your Q4 is probably bigger than your Q1.

Always, always.

Anyways, a lot of it's just ego.

Also, a lot of subscription products will rebuild at like midnight.

So 1201, that's the minute you want to multiply

by 5,525,600 minutes to get to your.

highest ARR.

January, on the first of the month, in that 12 to 1201 minute, that's going to be the highest

sales for an e-commerce product.

Well, if it's like automatically renewing, then it's really only in the first couple

seconds, right?

Yeah, it depends.

So really, but typically most subscription e-commerce platforms, it takes a while to actually

process all the payments, so you have to parallelize and rewrite your entire subscription e-commerce

stack in Rust.

will be what runs most efficiently. You need multiple stripe accounts hammering the API so you don't hit any rate limits so you build everything in a single millisecond and then you can multiply it by a trillion or something, however many milliseconds are in a year. I don't know. Anyway, Mark Zuckerberg responded to the viral fake news that Alex Wang is out of meta superintelligence. He's in fact doing better than ever hanging out with Mark Zuckerberg. Mark Zuckerberg heads over to threads,

respond to the drama on X, but he forgot that X is the everything app and threads is a completely

different app and they don't have the context. So Mark Zuckerberg posts a photo with Alex Wang to

threads to shut down the rumors, but because it's threads, no one has any idea who it is or why he's

posting. So this is one of the funniest exchanges on threads and the reason that you should be on that

app. So the first post is I require context. The I require context shirt. Like I don't get

This is a common thing on Instagram when you see some vague post.

People will post this.

It happens on X as well, but it's funny because, of course, as soon as I saw this, I was like,

oh, okay, I have full context, I fully understand what's going on.

I get it because I'm on X all day.

I head over the threads.

I get this, but a lot of people don't.

And then the second comment is, I think that's the CEO of Cluelly or whatever that

AI cheating app is called, which is obviously not.

Roy Lee and Alex Wang look very different.

But then a commenter says, no, this is Alexander Wang.

And he spells Alexander correctly without the E at the end, just DR Wang.

And then someone else chimes in, wait, that's the same Alexander Wang that was canceled for sexual assault.

I don't know if that's someone else.

But then someone else comes in and says, no.

No, again.

It's not the right person.

And then somebody says, at Grock, who is that next to Mark?

I don't even know if at Grock works on threads.

Is that a thing?

and then Grock responds, I guess, or something.

Not unidentified, but it's a screenshot of a different app.

It makes no sense.

And it says, no immediate public identification of the person next to him.

Major reports are viral coverage tied to this exact photo.

Super intelligence.

No one can figure it out over there.

That's so funny.

And then Roy, of course, chimes in just to make it more confusing.

It says, good throwback.

Had a great time buoying it up with that.

the big Zuck.

Absolutely ridiculous.

Anyway, it is, of course, fake news,

and executive sum deleted the post

that was amplifying

the aggregation.

Mike Isaac had a good post

explaining what was going on.

Let me try and pull it up,

but we do have our next guest, so I will find

that really quickly.

Isaac.

I can't find it.

He goes by Ratch.

So anyway, we will come back.

Because he goes by Rack.

Thanks, Mike. Anyway, we have Olivia Moore from Andresa and Horowitz. She's a partner there in the


---


Roosterone. Let's bring her in. How are you doing, Olivia? Good. Thanks for having me.

Thanks for hopping on. Sorry about the global chaos in the oil markets delaying this appearance.

But I'm glad we had time to actually digest the report because there's so many interesting details in there.

And whenever you drop one of these big reports, I feel like you sort of need the Twitter hive brain to like dig through it and find all the interesting commentary and

quote each, tweet each other until there's like a consensus. But take us through the actual

project. What did you launch? How long you've been working on this? And then we'll go into some of

the interesting discoveries. Yeah. So we do this every six months. It's one of the most fun parts

of my job, actually, because I think the Genesis was back in 2023 when we were wondering,

you know, the tech ex community has their own group of products that they use and love. But like,

what did the average person actually care about in AI? So we do this every six,

months, we basically pull every single website and every single mobile app, rank them by usage,

and pull the top 50 on each side that are kind of AI native or now majority AI enhanced.

And it gives a really interesting picture of kind of what normal people use and care about

in the AI world.

Great.

Let's talk about the data because when I first started seeing these charts of like, oh,

this is this company's winning, that company's winning.

I was naturally sort of skeptical.

I was like, uh, sensor tower are pixels.

really accurate in the mobile age.

But then I actually dug into the Yipit data,

which is credit card based,

and that seemed really, like, way more reliable.

So talk to me about, are you paying for data?

Is this data?

Do they give this to you because you're friendly with them?

Like, how does the data work?

And then how confident are you about the data?

What are the pitfalls?

What do you like?

Where are you seeing the data be reflective?

Absolutely.

Yeah.

So our website data is from Similar Web,

which we have a paid subscription to.

same with censor tower for the mobile data.

Yipid is something, I agree with you.

I think it's more reliable,

and it's something that we want to lean on more going forward.

The other thing that gets kind of significantly undercounted

when you just look at web visits and mobile mouse

is all of these desktop products like cursor,

Claude Code, Granola, Whisper Flow that people are using.

And so I think for the next few lists,

we're going to have to shift the methodology more towards,

I mean, it's helpful to see what's getting traffic,

but I think at this point,

as consumer AI is maturing,

We also want to see what people are paying for.

One last question on data.

I mean, Andrewston Horowitz is a huge firm at this point.

Have you considered doing what Nate Silver was talking about?

A consumer reports style interview panel with experts that are maybe disconnected from a particular company

and just sort of surveying everyone, getting some qualitative data, some quantitative data,

and sort of putting together more adoption data

that's maybe slightly less sanitized

and analytical and quantitative,

but paint a different picture.

I would love to do that

because again, I think like we are in our own world

of what products we use and talk about.

And the rest of the world uses all different things.

Like people in medicine, people in law,

people in retail even are using AI products

that like we have probably never heard of

or interacted with.

And so I'd love to give.

get more of that qualitative stuff in there in the future. Great. So take us through the biggest

movers, the biggest surprises, the biggest narratives that maybe should never have changed in the

first place, whatever your takeaway is. We're definitely starting to see the industry mature. So there's

kind of fewer new entrants than we've seen in the past versions of the list where like every time

half the list was new. To me, there were, I think two probably most interesting takeaways from this one.

one would be the rise of agents.

So Jen Spark and Manus both made the list as horizontal consumer agents.

OpenClaw would have made the list if we pulled in February.

Our data was from January.

But it would have ranked at number 30, which is like a very strong debut,

especially for a product that's only for someone who knows how to use terminal,

which is like 1% or less of the population.

That's true.

The other takeaway, which I feel like is on everyone's minds right now,

is the kind of three horse race between Chatsubit,

Clawed and Gemini.

And there's the traffic data alone, which is helpful.

And then if you kind of tease out some more of the product strategy

and the engagement data,

like there's kind of different stories happening there,

so that was fun to dig into.

And the main takeaway from the mainstream consumer

in just the foundation,

of the chat apps. What are you seeing between the chat GPT, Gemini, Clod, Deepseek,

perplexity, GROC? Yeah. It's interesting. I would say DeepSeek has completely fallen off in the U.S.

It still makes our list pretty high because it's like the number one AI product in China and Russia,

which are really big markets. Do you have any personal theories, like things that you can't,

like my thing with Deepseek was that all the downloads originally when it just started charting out of

nowhere, we're just 100%, it was just all entirely botted. I have no way to prove that.

Other than, other than it was just going up the chart like crazy and there was no, nobody was

actually using it. No one was talking about it other than the fact that it was at the top of the

chart. Yeah. I think that's totally possible. I think we're actually seeing in different in many ways,

but a little bit of an analogous story playing out with Claude right now where like pre all of this

press, whether it's positive or negative, no one in the U.S. knew what deep seat was.

Pre all of this press, I think there was some survey that clotted like 2% market awareness

in the U.S. And so we see this thing happen where like, even if it's like the worst

headline of all time, if it's going mainstream, like it will you, it will drive people to try

and use the product.

And then we just have to see if they retain and they didn't on deep seek.

Okay.

Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.

What about who, who fell off?

there was this kind of big wave of companies maybe like a year or two ago that were just like

trying to confuse people into thinking they were chat CVT, right?

Chat AI.

That's the one I use.

Is that not the main one?

It's funny.

I never take joy in any company falling off the list except the mobile app you, the mobile list

used to be full of all of these like, I think they called them fleeceware apps that are developed.

in like Eastern European App Studios, which are basically like charging you for the free version

of ChatTVT and pretending like they're the premium version.

And Apple took a while, but they finally cracked down on them, thankfully.

The other category we've seen a little bit of a decline in that we talked about in the

record is standalone image generator products.

Oh, yeah.

And that's largely a result of the fact that the image models within Chat ChbT and Gemini

have gotten so, so good.

That unless you're like a hardcore creative, like that can.

and kind of serve a lot of your use cases.

Yeah.

So zooming out from this, I'm interested to know

what your view and your team's view is on where

the opportunity in Gen.

AI consumer application development is.

Because I've noticed there are companies that are still

in founder mode and have, I mean, Canvas sticks out

as one here where, you know, founder still in charge,

pre-IPO, clearly a world.

aware of AI trends and can go and marshal the energy to change the business model if they need to

move quickly. And then there are legacy players that just can't quite figure it out. But then there's

other categories that are entirely new and it's actually better to start with the green field.

So how are you seeing entrepreneurs approach and deal with the fact that there is a large cohort

of, you know, seniors on the on the playground who are maybe not.

retired yet and will want to compete with them if they try and take a shot across their bow.

Totally. This is the question we think about when we make every investment. So it's a,

it's a very topical one, especially in consumer. I'd say Canva Notion are two probably of the best

examples, and both of them actually made the list for the first time because we had enough

data to feel that these were now credibly majority AI. Notion has even released data saying

that half of their revenue, half of their ARR now is AI. And so,

then it's like that's real usage of consumers interacting with AI. So we've got to include that.

I would say that, yeah, so Canva Notion are probably the two best examples of like growth stage

companies like maybe approaching IPO that are still nimbleish enough to kind of pivot a bit towards

AI. I am still a believer that we will probably see 20 years from now, the winning company will be

something that's AI native just because they do have such an existing base of users and

businesses and it's hard to cannibalize your own products. I think we've seen this a little bit with

Google where they're releasing amazing models like Nano Banana and VO. But honestly, the AI

features that they're shoving into their existing interfaces like Gmail and slides and everything.

I don't know if you've noticed, but every demo video, the use case is like plan a trip in like a way

that no one ever actually plans a trip. And so I think that's been a little bit less successful.

So in general, I think we are in almost every category.

It feels like an AI native company will win.

There are some really horizontal things where the incumbents might have a distribution advantage,

but those are kind of few and far between.

Yeah, the Google stack is crazy to me because I have Gmail running in Chrome,

and there's two different Gemini buttons that I can open simultaneously to have fighting

Gemini instances, like fight over what's going on.

And it's just something that like the product development, maturity and like the final

UI has clearly not been outlined here.

And we're still in the early inning story.

You were saying something?

Oh, I'm just, I'm very curious to see how consumer AI impacts Canva overall.

Sure.

Because I think so many of the typical entry points in Canva, like,

Kamba is a massive tool.

You can do all these different things, but so many of the tasks.

be one shot.

Can just be one shot.

I was talking with a friend of mine who's,

they have a family business,

and they just describe,

when they need marketing collateral,

like a sign,

they just describe it to ChatsyBT,

and it just makes a,

it just one-chots it now.

And there's no,

they don't really care.

There's so many businesses like,

in tech,

you might create a generation

and then like,

want to spend a bunch of time refining it

and taking it from like 90%

to 100%, but the average small business is like, you got me to 90%, like, we're good to go.

I don't need that extra horsepower.

I think the use cases where the last 10% is really like 90% of the value, where you need to be

like really able to iterate on it, like pixel by pixel and not one shot it, where there's

like really difficult integrations you have to build, where you can capture ambient new data,

like all of that is really ripe for consumer AI, new startups.

Yeah, also like templated workflows where you maybe want to generate a hundred images, that type of stuff.

You can wire up nanobanana with a workflow.

There's a few of these like node-based editing tools.

I think N8N is one, right?

And there's a few others.

And of course, you could just write code to do it.

But for someone who's, you know, has a particular templating workflow in a more consumer AI or consumer image app, they might just be stuck in their workflow.

I do want to get to

generated video.

You've been tracking the models

very closely. I'm interested

to know when we see the collision

between what we're seeing

with these insane

Chinese models. There's V-O-3.

There's so many cool video

models where it's just text

in, MP4 video

out. And then

on the flip side, you have like

Capcut. I use Instagram edits

a lot. I really like that app. I've also

enjoyed captions, that app. And it feels like these are two on a collision course, just like we saw

Nanobanana and Canva maybe get on a collision course. What are the existing mobile video editors

doing? How well positioned are they versus the model teams? Because it feels like with video,

there's maybe a little bit more, like that last 10% is even more than in images. But what's your

take on generative video and what we should expect this year? Video has been the most interesting

category and creative tools. And I think it's exactly to your point because Chinese companies can

train on any data, even copyrighted data. Can they? They do. They do. So we're seeing like C-Dans from

bike dance, like Hilo, Kling, all of these models are amazing. I would say like SORA and V-O-3 are

like not far behind. My twin sister Justine who also works here like lives and Breeze. A-I-V-V-V-E.

and she had this blog post a while back about like there will be no one AI video model to kind of rule them all just because there's so many different types of videos you made like a true like two hour movie versus like a 10 second marketing clip like you actually probably want to train the model and train and design the workflows differently around those so I've actually been more excited I think kind of to your point about these tools where you're able to switch between the models depending on what you are building like a kria or hig's

made the list this time.

Capcutt is mostly by

the bite dance models, but it works because the

bike dance models are generally like pretty good

ahead of the path. Yeah, I've been thinking

about like, you know, we saw tool

use come to chat chit.

Chatchipt got a computer,

as Ben Thompson put it, a

Python repel. It can run some

math for you where it doesn't need to

just guess the next token. It can just actually

write the code and execute it.

And it feels like we got

we got a reasoning step with Nanoban

Nano-Banomana Pro, too.

I'm lost on the model numbers.

We're also sort of mid-revision on a lot of these.

They name them in a very confusing one.

Yeah, and then there's V-O-3,

but Nana-Bananas on a different number scheme.

Anyway, we clearly got some sort of reasoning chain

where I can say, like, dog riding a rocket,

and it will add a lot of text to the prompt

to sort of give me a better output.

What's going to be interesting is when it also has the tool

to make something black and white

programmatically, as opposed to needing to regenerate the video.

every time. Because when you regenerate the video, you get something slightly different. I want to be

able to upload a video, do a color grade on it, edit it down, add cuts, jump cuts, and have those

tools be AI aware. And maybe that means some reinforcement learning pipeline on something that looks

like an after effects or something. But that type of, you know, the video experience is not

just capturing the raw footage. It's the whole pipeline. Yeah, I agree. The reasoning point and kind of

the access that Nanobanana has to the internet as a video model, I think is fascinating.

Like, actually, in this report, we included, like, a heat map of global AI adoption.

And the way that we created that graphic is I gave Nanobanana every country code and every

heat map score. And it literally went and colored in every country accordingly.

Like, it found the country on the map. And I checked it by hand. It did them all correct.

And I don't think we've seen anything like that quite come to video.

But the video models do have like a really kind of weird intuitive understanding of like physics and how things work in the world, like a drop of water, creating ripples, that kind of thing.

And so I'm sure the researchers are hard at work on this.

I was shocked at the SORA data.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

Take us through that.

What's going to Bill Peebles.

An absolute dog.

Absolute dog.

Proven us all wrong.

His downfall.

Yeah, what's going on with SORA?

SOR is a fascinating, to me it's like probably the biggest narrative violation we've seen in

consumer AI in a while.

First of all, they gave us the gift of so many AI videos of Jake Paul.

Oh, yeah, that's right.

That alone, I think was worth the money they spent on compute there.

But actually, so what the data shows is downloads for SOR are definitely down.

It had, it was at the top of the U.S. App Store for 20 days consecutively.

It was getting 6 million downloads in months.

Now it's closer to a million and a half.

And so it didn't turn into like the social network that I think they envisioned.

But it stayed really strong as a creative tool because the model is good.

And because you can create videos with these cameos.

So the DAOs are actually still increasing.

They have three million global DAWs, which is like I think probably the most for any video generation product on mobile.

And so it's pretty impressive.

If I were them, I would keep investing in that.

And depending on when this Disney.

like partnership actually rolls out.

I would expect that to send it right back to the top.

Totally. Totally.

The question, the question if I'm open AI is like, do you want those download?

Do you want those users going to chat GPT or SORA?

If it is just a creative tool, over time I would expect the products to merge.

I don't know.

Yeah.

I could see that.

I do think it's interesting.

I feel like the usage of AI with kids and families has been probably lower than

should be just because of concerns about hallucination or weird artifacts or like you just need to be

very sure that the content is clean. And so I think something like a SORA plus Disney characters

is probably going to explode consumer AI for kids in a way we haven't seen. Yeah. And just like all the

reasoning chains and like workflows within ShatGPT just makes so much sense where you could say,

okay, here are my, here's the name of my kid, here's his favorite Disney characters,

write a story, then generate, turn that into.

to an actual template, generate a few images.

I'll pick the few key images that make the most sense.

I'll upload an image and give you some backstory,

and then now generate the full video,

and then that's like the birthday card video that goes out.

There's so many cool things.

Even with that heat map example,

like you could write programmatic code

to generate a heat map that uses JavaScript to look perfect,

and you know the data's right,

but it's not going to look great,

and then you can just take that

and do basically style transfer on top of it,

So all of those different tools feel like they're really going to accelerate as they get brought together.

But we're in this ununified time now when the unification happens.

It's going to be really cool.

The last question I have is about when we talked to Sam Altman about SORA.

He echoed that it was being used as a creative tool.

But I found that I wind up using Sora to generate videos that truly have an audience of one or like five people.

and I'll send them to a group chat, and it's basically just an in-joke.

And he says that that's like a new thing that people are doing where if I were to post it on my answer,

and people are you posting AI slop?

But if everyone gets the in my five-person group chat or whatever, everyone's having fun.

Hayes Paradox.

Yes, Hayes Paradox.

And so I'm interested in where you're seeing movement in these like smaller, almost like same.

by the way, is a made-up paradox that I'm trying to bake into the models by saying it over and over.

His paradox is where you think something's, the more, the fun you think something is, the worst it'll do on Twitter.

Well, yeah, the less likely it will be universally funny.

So, like, something is the funniest thing in the world to you.

The most niche humor.

I don't know.

I don't like.

Right?

Right?

Because you're not writing for a general audience.

But talk to me about the growth in either like single player or smaller, or smaller,

I use is I see this with Suno a little bit where people are making songs for themselves.

I've heard a lot of people are still fans of mid-jurney just because they see it as sort of like

this art therapy where they talk to the model and they get an image back and it's almost a single

player experience. Maybe they're sharing with a small community, but they're not really using it in

like a professional context. It's more of the smaller thing. Where are people going in terms of

in terms of like personal assistance, personal relationships?

coaches, that type of thing?

I am so excited for this because I feel like we haven't yet seen the breakout AI social product.

Because if you just try to do like a skeuomorphic social network with AI baked in, it's like,

actually the reason that people are addicted to Instagram is because there's all these like

positive and negative emotions that come with like putting real content of yourself out there.

And that doesn't exist with AI photos.

So I think we've seen some attempts that it.

It hasn't really worked.

What I am excited about is what you said across.

both SORA and I think Suna, a lot of people are making like meme songs for their friends.

Anyone who knows how to train a Laura probably has Laura of all their friends to make meme images.

I think that kind of thing could be what potentially make something like a chat GPT group chats,

which I think has had kind of core adoption so far into something a lot more interesting.

Yeah, I've only used the chat chachipt group chat.

I think when we were collaborating on like one thing, I was sending you the group chat and then we were both asking questions.

but, like, it's still, we basically use it for, like, learning about a topic.

Yeah.

But that's not, like, viral.

It's, like, fairly niche.

My usage is the same.

The other thing I think we should watch on this front is I've heard from a lot of open-claw

power users that one of the best and funniest use cases is to add it to, like, family

group chats or friend group chats because it'll just, it can be helpful sometimes and

then it'll just chime in with, like, crazy, funny, interesting thing.

Obviously, that's been not.

consumer grades. So somebody's going to have to productize that into someone that like,

something that like your mom can install into the group chat or, you know, your grandpa can

install into the group chat. But I think it's coming because it's a big opportunity.

Well, thank you so much for joining. The report is the top 100 Gen.AI consumer apps.

It's the sixth edition. It's available at A16.com. And if you work at a rival venture capital firm,

that's what incognito windows are for. Exactly. Thank you, Andrew Reed.

Thank you, Andy Reid.

And thank you for joining the show.

We'll talk to you soon, Olivia.

Have a great day.

Awesome. Thanks, bye.

Goodbye.

If you want AI to handle your customer support, go to fin.a.

Want to change the world?

Raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange.

I like that we got Jeremy Aller in the Vibriel.

I just noticed that.

Anyway, without further ado, we have David from Juice Box.

He's the co-founder and CEO.

He's in the Restream Radio Room,

and now he's in the TVP Ultradome.

How are you doing, David?

Mr. Patvin Holes, welcome to the show.

Amanda the Hour.

Thanks for having me on again.

Thank you so much for coming back.

Back so soon.

Fantastic performance.

Give us the news.

What happened?

How much you raised?

Break it down for us.

Yeah.

We announced our $80 million series B today.

Congratulations.

Oh, look at this.

Look at this.

Oh, he's got a gong.

He's got a gong.

He's got a baby gong.

He's got a baby gong.

Sorry to gong.

You can't even argue, but...

Hopefully it's ringing off the hook over there.

We'll reach out after the show, and now that you're an $800 million company, I think you

deserve to have a gong as big as, you know, a conference table.

Yeah, you need one.

So how is business, how is growth?

What's the...

How big is the company?

How big is the client base?

Give us some context on the scale since we last talked.

For sure.

So some quick facts on the business.

We were four people just over a year ago.

Wow.

Then when we raised the A, we were on that.

Yeah.

We were 13 people.

And then now we're around 40.

We've tripled ARR since the A and work with over 5,000 customers.

5,000 companies are recruiting employees through Juice Box.

How many people, does the talent pool matter?

Does that stay static?

Or is it more like, I'm a company, I come to you, and you go find the person wherever they are on the internet?

Yeah, it's a great question.

It's the latter.

So what we focus on is passive talent sourcing.

So we'll scour the web for anyone that we can find that we think could be a great fit for the given role.

We'll find that list of people, stack, rank them for your given search, and then make it really easy to reach out to them, typically through an email sequence, get in touch with them and see if they're interested in the role.

And so because our talent pool is effectively, everyone, it scales quite.

nicely with our customers as well.

5,000 companies are hiring.

That's a white pill while people are worried about layoffs and contraction and, you know,

companies going out of business and whatnot.

What trends are you seeing among the 5,000 companies that you work with?

Are they particularly early stage startups that are growing that, you know, you can speak the

same language of?

Are they in industrial sectors that are immune from AI or transformation?

what trends are you seeing in the hiring market?

Yeah, when we were on last, a lot of our customers were kind of venture-backed, fast-growing in the Silicon Valley ecosystem.

I'd say that's probably the biggest thing that's changed in the business since then is that we've scaled to support more traditional enterprises.

So think like large defense contractors, financial institutions, and similar.

They face the same hiring problems.

They want to attract the best talent, and they are seeing a lot of noise in the inbound that they used to quite heavily rely on.

There's huge amounts of like AI-generated application spam now.

And that makes it really hard to find the best talent and bring them on to the team.

And so what we've seen since is kind of this shift,

what used to be quite heavy on just software engineering roles of doing outbound for them

is really spreading across roles.

And so that's for sales roles.

That's for HR roles, finance roles, all across the board.

So, oh, sorry, here we go for it.

I was just wondering, do you expect there to be a shift in

the number of new jobs that you place or broadly are placed that come from employees that are

currently working somewhere and get outreach from a new company and then they shift while they're

still employed versus the proactive job searcher.

That's right. We think the majority of roles are going to be filled by passive candidates.

We call it the talent war. And so the more companies are competing, the more they're going to be

reaching out to other top talent and try to track them to their teams. And I think that's already

been the case, to some extent, in fast-growing tech, that's now spreading across the industry.

And so we think all roles are ultimately going to be filled throughout outbound.

Okay. Talk about the business model and how it might evolve in the future. Where is this,

where is this going? I'm assuming as part of the pitch, all the investors were excited about you

selling kind of the work that traditional recruiting agencies do, but how are you positioning it

or thinking about it? Yeah. So one thing that's unique about the business is that while we do

kind of sell the work that the recruiter is doing, we do so without kind of say replacing the

traditional recruiting agency. And in fact, many of them are our customers as well. And so whether

it's an in-house recruiting team or an external recruiting team, they have the same goal of

identifying who could be the best person for a given rule. And then,

reaching out to them. And so the platform has two different modules, which kind of goes into the

business model and pricing as well. One being the per seat setup where you can buy a license to

use the platform and you log in with your email. The second being our agents, which are used

on a per job basis. And so depending on how many jobs you have live or jobs that you want to hunt

talent for, you can deploy different agents in Juice Box that will go find the best profiles and

reach out to them every single day without you having to check back in on them day over day.

Okay, give me some tips for someone who wants to be flooded with Juicebox inbound.

What's the key to making yourself aware to your web crawlers, to the models,

how should people be positioning themselves, PDF, resumes, personal websites, blogs, Twitter?

Like, what's the best way to throw up a flag?

Even if you're happy with your current job, just let everyone know, let the models know, let Juicebox know,

I'm a top candidate.

I'm a killer.

Yeah.

I think the biggest piece of advice is just share more about yourself,

share where you're currently working,

what you're actually working on,

any projects that you're involved in,

anything you do outside of work,

really anything that can indicate a potential match for role.

And that can be pretty diverse.

There's many companies that want to find candidates

that have some kind of interest or experience

in the sector that they work in.

That might not directly be tied to the day-to-day work that you're doing today, but may reflect an interest that you have.

And so the more of that is available or published in one form or another will make it easier to be matched and identified for that job.

What's the best output for that?

Because I imagine you're not scraping all of Instagram reels.

It's probably a little bit easier if I have a blog that's well indexed or I'm on GitHub or LinkedIn.

in, like, where should someone be publishing?

Yeah, that's exactly right.

So actually, all the ones you mentioned are great examples.

Personal websites are something that's still a bit newer.

I'd say, like, the total kind of number of candidates that actually have that is still

fairly low.

But, you know, many people have a GitHub profile, LinkedIn profile, many places to publish

that information.

And I think GitHub in particular is one that's quite underutilized because it's historically

being hard for recruiters to use.

Like, how can they actually find, you know, who's a good?

person to reach out to. A lot of that data is indexed a lot stronger now. And so recruiters are

searching based on GitHub data. They are finding people who contribute to open source repos or

have other signals. And a lot of that data is only being unlocked within the last six to 12 months.

I have a funny story. In like 2014, I needed to hire a software engineer. So I cross-referenced

every customer email with GitHub. And I reached out to like some of the top open source contributors.

and there's this one guy who had created Redis,

which is a in-memory database.

He's like a legendary programmer.

And I was like, hey, can you help me?

I need to build an e-commerce website.

And he was like, you don't need me, bro.

Like, you're good.

He was actually very helpful and taught me a ton of things.

But that cross-referencing has been really, really valuable.

And GitHub continues to be an underrated source of sourcing.

I remember I talked to someone who's a tech recruiter,

and I taught her how to source on LinkedIn.

And she actually got a job because of it because it was like a differentiator that she wouldn't just be hanging out on LinkedIn all the time.

This was like pretty early in GitHub's era.

But there's so much alpha there because you can see what people are doing.

A little bit harder for your defense contractor, probably not posting a lot of public information about what you're doing.

But maybe some blog posts will do the trick.

Anyway, thank you so much for taking the time to come to chat with us.

Congratulations.

On the progress.

And we'll talk to you soon.

Cheers.

Goodbye.

Build intelligent real-time conversational agents,

reimagine human technology interaction with 11 labs.

Please do.

Survely Specter and Fultex Search,

built from first principles on object storage,

fast, 10x, cheaper, and extremely scalable.

Well, we have our next guest, Adam Goldstein,

from Archer.

He's the founder and CEO.

Adam, how are you doing?

Good to meet you.

It's good to meet you.

It's good.

It's good.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for taking the time.

Would you mind kicking us off with a little bit of your backstory?

How did you become interested in flying cars?

Well, a lot of it came from building software business that every month I had to wake up

and it'd be the first of the month and we'd have to start over with sales.

And it was one of those things that kind of drove me to the point that...

Right, were you selling one out?

Were you selling box software?

The whole thing of SaaS was that it just automatically recurs.

Yeah, right. I wish that was the case. The sales grind of software are really, really tough.

And so given how hard these businesses are, I really wanted to do something that was unbelievably fun.

I could really help make an impact in the world. And the technology was changing over.

And so I had been messing around with electric engines and building airplanes. And it was an opportunity to just build a whole new category of airplane.

A lot of it started out as a fun thing to go do, a project.

And I always loved to be obsessed with airplanes.

And so it was an opportunity to go out there and actually build something super special.

And as it all started to work, it became like super clear that there was just a massive business to go build here.

Okay, take us through this video.

What are we seeing here?

So these are what people call EBTALs or electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft.

You can think about it, same categories like a helicopter, but it's electric.

And when you switch electric, you all of a sudden can put multiple sets of engines and propellers.

and actuators, which allows the aircraft to have a ton of redundancy,

which allows you to certify at a safety level that's super, super high.

So the vehicles take off and land like helicopters,

but then transition and fly forward like an airplane.

And it allows for people to get where they're going really, really quickly.

I have to ask, is any of this AI-generated video, is any of this CGI?

That's all real flight test video.

This is all real flight test video.

Is there one of these?

How many of these exist?

What's the plan to ramp this up?

Those videos are several different aircraft.

So we are in the process of going through the certification process with the FAA.

And that's the point where we really unleash.

So we have a big factory located down in Georgia that can build up to 650 aircraft per year.

Wow.

So with capability to go do it.

So right now, we work with a handful of aircraft.

The first block of 10 is what we built.

And then now we're in that phase where we're starting to build to the next block of 50.

But you want to time it really with the certification process.

And then the other side is we were selected as the exclusive air taxi provider for the LA28 Summer Olympics.

So we want to make sure we have it all done.

I love it.

And you were talking about safety ratings.

It's the idea to prove that these can be safer than traditional helicopters.

Like, what's the goal?

Yeah, that's correct.

So the FAA created a new category for us.

It's not a helicopter.

It's not an airplane.

So we actually certify these at a safer level than what helicopters are today.

and we have to go out and obviously prove that.

And so that just will, I think, drive a lot more people willing to get on aircraft like this.

The aircraft also is much quieter than a helicopter, which means it can allow for a lot more landings.

So, for example, if you wanted to take a helicopter to the Hamptons,

they limit the amount of landings at East Hampton Helport because it's so loud and people complain.

So as the aircraft are much, much quieter, it can dramatically increase the amount of people that are able to access this.

Okay.

When I dig into the flying car plans, the history of the flying car, there's always like four different problems that need to be solved, like regulatory, vertical takeoff and landing, going electric, and then also building vertiports and actually having more places to land.

Assuming you get through approval, it looks like it's already vertical takeoff and landing, it sounds like it's already electric.

Will this be able to just slot into the existing helicopter infrastructure and sort of go from, like, could someone theoretically just buy one of these instead of a helicopter, have a pilot who's experienced in this, and fly from helicopter destination to helicopter destination while we as a society figure out more vertiports and landing zones?

Yeah, absolutely.

So we designed it to fit into the existing helicopter infrastructure.

So the wingspan is less than 50 feet.

The aircraft weighs 6,500 pounds.

So it's designed within that.

You know, existing guidelines.

We'll fly existing helicopter flight plans.

We'll use and leverage a lot of existing infrastructure.

And then depending on the city you're in, so places like Texas and Florida, there's much

easier, friendly environments to go.

You can land kind of lots of different places.

Places like California, it'll be much more planned.

Sure.

And it's structured.

And so it gives you the ability, though, to really, you know, use existing, but then ultimately

scale the stuff out.

So I do think you'll see fleets of this stuff get done.

first before individuals, but the individuals ultimately will come with time and people will be able to

use them on an every day basis. You mentioned infrastructure. I imagine that most airports that service

helicopters have fuel, but maybe not charging infrastructure. Is there any hurdle to actually

getting charging infrastructure in place the way Tesla did with the rollout of the electric car?

Yeah, so the good news is we use very similar charging infrastructure that the

EVs use. So 2C charging like a Tesla supercharger. And we partner with a company in our industry

that's a, and I'll call more of a partner than a competitor. It's a company called Data.

And they make a lot of the charging infrastructure. So I've backed the charging infrastructure,

their plans. We buy a bunch of their equipment. And so we're going out there and doing that.

The airplane business is just much smaller in terms of number of units than the total number of

cars. So it's not like you need like tens of thousands of chargers everywhere. If you're

looking at like New York City, you need a handful, right, at the big heliport. So that's really

And there's probably already a lot of power going into an airport broadly.

So to redirect a little bit of it.

It's not like you're trying to set up a charging station in the middle of nowhere.

We are not training the grid.

Yeah, that's for sure.

Exactly.

The Olympics partnership is exciting.

But looking forward, what do you think are going to be five years out, 10 years out?

What are going to be the most common routes at least what would you predict at this point?

So city center to airport is a very obvious one because there's known demand and willingness to pay.

You can see that through ride share.

Uber's, you know, we all do that, right?

And so it's also typical trip that's not that far, but also takes a long time.

So the convenience factor there is massive.

If you live in L.A., you want to go to L.A.X.

If you live in New York, you want to go to JFK, those type of routes are like very obvious.

But these routes exist like all over the world, things like that.

So anytime like where, you know, everybody says, oh, I wish I had this in my hometown.

It's like I grew up in Tampa, Florida.

I grew up in North Tampa.

I would have loved to have gone to St. Pete or to Clearwater.

That's a total pain to get to.

But if I could fly there, that would be super interesting.

That literally exists everywhere.

So I do think it'll become much more common.

And we just have to get it started and get people comfortable

because it is the first new category in a very long time,

about 60 years that the FAA has created.

So there is an adoption period that will take place.

Yeah, no matter where you land in the Bay Area,

it's going to be an hour to get into San Francisco proper,

whether it's SFO can be a little bit faster, but Oakland's really slow.

It's all takes for hours.

Creating a category like this, how do you solve the pilot side?

What is going to be the, like, are you creating the certification with the FAA?

How do you build out a cohort of pilots?

Will there ever be, are you imagining there's going to be a recreational market for EVTol?

Yeah, so the, FAA has already defined this, and so there's certain credentials of like what you need to go do it.

the good news is the aircraft is super easy to fly.

It could take you two weeks to hover a helicopter.

I could teach you guys that I fly this plane in five minutes.

A lot of the training is really about.

I feel like I could hover a helicopter in about five minutes.

The most dangerous thing.

Red Bull, contact me.

You can fly this thing upside out.

If you could hover a helicopter in five minutes on your first try,

that would be unbelievably impressive because that is extraordinarily difficult.

Every guy thinks they could take over.

I mean, yeah, I think that's ridiculous, but I could actually land a 747 in an emergency situation.

Yeah, 100%.

You're on the cover of the business and finance section in the Wall Street Journal today.

It says flying tax remaker Archer accuses rival Joby of concealing China ties.

What happened?

What is going on with the deeper supply chain in EVTol?

Yeah.

So Archer is building products not just for the civil side, but also for the defense side.

And a big part of what we're doing is really in support of building, you know, re-industrializing America and building the, you know, the industrial base here, especially on the defense side. And so we partner with a company called Andrel, and we're building new aircraft. We build the big aircraft and then Andral will missionize them. So they put the sensors and systems and weapons into the aircraft. So very important to me that we build and keep the supply chain in the U.S. and we build this stuff all out here. That's not been necessarily the case for our competitors. They put, you know, factories and, uh,

China in Shenzhen, they set up their supply chain there. And I just think it should be table stakes

for American companies working in defense to have to build out their supply chains and ultimately

do it in America. And if you do go do that overseas, you also have to disclose that in a very

proper way. And so I think that's a big sticking point for me. I do think companies working

in defense in America need to be very transparent about that. Talk to me about the battery

supply chain there because I feel like drone motors have been very difficult to reshore electric batteries.

We've seen some positive news from Tesla around a lithium ion battery plant and there's

some extraction that's happening.

But how mature, I mean, you're not making millions of these yet, but how mature is the supply chain

on the electric side?

So we used traditional lithium ion batteries.

and so commercial off-the-shelf stuff.

So we're not like inventing some new battery cell here.

That's not proven.

The reason we have to do that is because there needs to be data to show the FAA to prove these things are safe.

It's not just that these things are safe.

It's that we have to go and actually light some on fire.

We put them into thermal runaway.

Many of them into thermal runaway.

We have to show they do not propagate and spread throughout the pack.

We have to take an entire pack, hoist it 50 feet in the air and drop it,

and it cannot emit toxic gases or catch on fire.

So the standard is unbelievably high.

So you need to use proven technologies to go do that.

The good news is over time, batteries do get better, and so they get more energy-dense,

and it allows us to do more things, largely around speed, range, and payload.

But that will likely keep improving versus, you know, if you take like typical, you know, ice or, you know, piston combustion engine,

it's not like the fuel is getting better.

It's the same fuel every year.

So we have a unique advantage where one day this stuff will be so good, you probably don't mean that much,

and it will dramatically reduce your cost.

So, yeah, long-term, this should be longer range.

Where are we right now?

I feel like electric cars had a certain breaking-out moment.

Once you got to a 300-mile electric car range, that's about what many gas cars are.

How does the electric V-Tal range compare to just a typical helicopter?

So today, helicopters have more performance than what we have from a range perspective.

So we are targeting in and around urban environments.

So think like less than 100 miles.

That's the typical, you know, kind of target.

On the defense side, it's a hybrid vehicle.

So they can go, you know, upwards of a thousand miles.

Wow.

So you're putting heavy fuels back into it.

Okay.

So even further than what helicopters can do.

So it depends what you're talking about.

But on a helicopter, they can't meet us from a safety perspective.

Yeah.

So, you know, there's, if you look at like single engine helicopters, there's many single

points of failure where if one part goes bad, you'll have a catastrophic event.

So we are hitting standards that are significantly higher than where they can be.

So there will be some tradeoffs.

So there will always be helicopters around.

Heavy lift stuff, really far, you know, range stuff.

So if you have an offshore oil rig, for example, we're not going to compete in that market.

So if you want to, you know, if you look at like a 53K, like a King Stalian, like a

Kestallion, just Google that, like a giant heavy lift helicopter.

That thing can carry an F-35.

I like the name.

What's it called?

King Stallion.

King Stallion.

Yeah.

So that's a big helicopter.

You guys should create a horse theme.

Yeah.

product. Yeah, you got to get good names going for all these guys. Yeah. That's fantastic.

That's a big boy. That's a big thing. Yeah, so we call our aircraft midnight.

Midnight. Of course, company is Archer. And then, you know, Taylor Swift did release her album Midnights.

And one of the songs was Archer on that album. Oh, there you go. We were like, wait a minute. Is this

she a shareholder? She's been paying attention. I don't know. That's what we were curious. Is like,

do we inspire her? That's great. Well, thank you so much for taking the time to come chat with us, Adam.

This is fantastic.

Cannot wait for the Olympics in Los Angeles.

Hope to see these flying around.

And we'll talk to you soon.

Thanks, Scott.

Have a good rest of your day.

Investing for those to take it seriously.

Stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries, and more with great customer service.

Before we bring in our next guest, I need to tell a funny story about in middle school.

Everyone had to give a speech.

And I had the best speech planned.

I was going to give a speech about the Osprey helicopter.

Are you familiar with the Osprey helicopter?

Yes, it's a vertical takeoff and landing vehicle.

And I was like, this is the greatest speech ever.

I'm making, it's the future of technology.

It's a plane.

It's a helicopter.

Everyone's going to love this.

I get up, I give a very convincing speech on how the Osprey helicopter should be supported at all costs.

We got to work on this thing.

We got to fund this with taxpayer dollars.

The Osprey helicopter is the best thing since sliced bread.

I get up, I give my speech.

Then the next person comes up and they're like,

my speech is about curing cancer.

And I'm like, I'm cooked.

And everyone else had chose topics that were like totally pulling on your heartstrings.

And mine was just like nerdy talking about a random obscure piece of military technology.

I don't stand attached.

Pod friendly guy in the chat says,

Taylor just wants the,

Taylor Swift wants the archer so people stop flaming her for.

Oh, that's a good call.

That would definitely help out.


---


And without further ado, let's bring in Max from Lagora.

He's the co-founder and CEO.

Max, welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for taking the time to come chat with us on such a busy day.

What's happening?

Give us the news.

What's happened?

Well, we cooked.

You cooked?

Let's go.

Let's go.

We raised the round.

How much did you raise?

New York, raise $550 million.

It's a big birth of all gongs.

Fantastic.

Like the sales department here at Lagora.

I love it.

I love it.

So what's the key to growth?

Is there a particular type of law firm that you're seeing traction with?

Is it up market, large, small, everything, direct-to-consumer?

Like, where is the business today?

Well, let's talk about law firms.

I think the thing that sort of distinguishes the law firm market is that if, if, if,

firm down the street starts operating with Lagora, they're able to offer faster and better

services.

And so every firm has to adopt it.

The equilibrium breaks.

And that's why we've seen a astronomical surge in our law firm demand.

But at the other side of the coin, you have the enterprises, the legal departments who are

starting to figure out that we might be able to leverage AI to cut down costs to operate more

effectively.

And so we're really seeing value on both sides of this equation.

And as you know, we started Legora in Stockholm, Sweden, less than three years ago, and now we're in the U.S.

I'm calling in from office in New York.

We've just opened up in Houston and Chicago.

And so, yeah, in Texas.

Law firms then are doing oil and gas?

The legal oil down there.

So are there any specific trends in industry, or is it more like you'll do litigation versus something else?

Like, where have you found the most success?

Where is AI advancing the work of lawyers most acutely?

So I'd say we've had the most traction in M&A and corporate departments.

But quickly, we have actually started to see a real verticalization.

So within private equity, within pharma, within big tech companies, within real estate, construction, right?

And the way that lawyers, well, I actually think it's similar to software coding.

So, you know, Ligora used to be kind of a co-pilot and used to work with it as an assistant back and forth.

But now with the latest model release with Opus 4.5, GPD 5.4, like we're starting to move into a world where Ligora can autonomously go out and perform tasks on your behalf.

And that's working across every single legal vertical.

How do lawyers feel about AI?

Are they having an existential crisis in the way that software, some software engineers are happening?

I don't do the thing that I'm not the craftsman that I used to be.

Like, how are they actually processing it?

I think it's, you know, the entire range of emotions from, holy shit, this is incredible,

and I've never seen anything like it, to, huh, I'm really going to have to figure out how my business model is going to work for this task that I used to bill hourly for.

And if you look in the law firms, right, the way that they're typically structurally.

is you underbill for the partners, and you overbill for the associates.

And that model is starting to get questioned by the buyers.

And so clients are demanding the use of AI and shows of more effectiveness in the way that

services gets delivered.

And of course, the core is part of the answer there.

every once a week somebody like is making the kind of statement or or putting out the idea that

what are all these legal AI tools doing I can get the same results from a chat GPT or a

clot or Gemini what's your answer there I'm assuming that came up during the fundraise as to

why why this isn't you know a thin wrapper I have my own ideas but I'd be curious

is how you talk about that.

Sure. I mean, it was the same week that we went out to the market that Claude dropped their legal

plug-in. And I actually think it was a fantastic showcase of, you know, here's some of the

capabilities that the models can actually do. But in the same way that just taking the model

and throwing it out a problem sort of doesn't work if you're going to run a $10 million

M&A process. There's a lot of scaffolding. There's a lot of enterprise software. There's

permissionings. There's sort of ethical walls that you need to respect. There's the way that you

work with the firm's internal data, with external legislation and the case law.

Like, there's just so much more that you need to do around the models to put them in a context

where they can be useful.

I think with the latest developments, we are actually needing to build less of the guardrails,

like the harnesses that we can put the models in, are improving.

So we can sort of take the model, we can put them in an environment where they can be

successful, and then we, you know, to quote you, let it cook.

And we give the model access to the relevant tools to go and solve problems in that legal business context.

And then we sort of let it go out and plan and execute on that task.

Do you have the internal team's been a lot more aggressive to date than, let's say, like, the big law,

just because they're not like running a business.

They're just like providing an internal service.

and was that something that you had kind of always expected?

So I think the big law was really quick to adopt,

and over the past two years,

we've seen a real exponential step function

in sophistication and complexity of the use cases that they're solving.

Like back in 2023,

as somebody would get a clap on the back

for summarizing an email with AI.

But now you're running an entire MNA, like end-to-end,

using Laguerra. And so the expectations are increasing. And I'm actually seeing things like

adding AI as part of the career frameworks within law firms to get promoted. I'm seeing AI be part

of the interviewing process, right? Like, it's now a skill that is required to deliver real work.

I think the enterprise departments have been patiently looking at sort of what are our law

firms doing. And now they're starting to follow on. And,

One of our last developments is something we call the Lagora portal.

And the portal is basically like, you know, Figma for lawyers.

They can collaborate and come into a multiplayer space where they can work together.

And recently, one of the big friends we work with here in New York, Debevoys,

started working with clients like Blackstone, GSK, like on that portal.

And I think that's really exciting because the way that these legal teams have collaborated

have, you know, looked like the early 90s.

And now we're pulling that into the age.

of AI.

Very cool.

Are you seeing poll from in-house councils, or is that a completely separate market?

No, absolutely.

You know, we work with big back.

They are seeing much attraction because if you're in-house counsel, you're overworked.

You're not billing by the hour.

You just get a salary.

You have a team.

You want to make your team as efficient as possible.

You would adopt as you have a greater incentive to adopt as much AI as you can faster

because you're not dealing with your business models to adapt as well.

How far away are we from Microsoft's in-house counsel using Ligora to acquire Activision directly?

And Activision's in-house counsel just uses Ligora as well.

This is a great question.

We're actually working with some very large enterprises who are leveraging Ligora to do more of the M&A process themselves before, you know, engaging.

But I think it's also an opportunity for firms.

to be very proactive and to actually invite them into their software environments and to go, hey,

AI can now do these tasks.

So we're going to help you, our client, make that transition.

Yep.

Right.

We have this framework internally where, like, if AI can do a task, it will do it.

Like, that task has been conquered.

It's within the spider shark that anthropic release, right?

Like, humans, no-bar, right?

Like, you saw that, like the blue-red.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Right. It's no longer a task that humans should be spending their time on.

Yeah.

And I think the challenge is that this is all moving so fast.

And people aren't used to doing their work and disrupting themselves at the same time.

So, you know, we have the software on one piece, but that we actually have 100 lawyers on staff at Lagora called legal engineers that partner with our clients.

And we really pioneered this concept, right?

It's forward deployed lawyers in a way.

Yeah, yeah.

And they work with all a big enterprise and big law firm clients on transitioning the way that they do business.

What are conversations like on law school campuses today? How are they processing all the progress?

Well, so Laguer actually has a university program, which is really exciting.

And so if you're a law school student listening to this, you should be part of the university program.

And you should learn this, right?

It's going to be a skill that firms will look for.

it's going to make you more attractive on the job market.

And I think we are quickly going to enter a world

where you're spending more time reviewing work

that AI is doing for you than doing it yourself.

Right?

Like that's what's happened to software engineers.

That's going to happen in law.

And so the best thing you can do as a young professional

is to get there really quickly.

That's great.

Anything else, Rudy?

Wild times.

Thank you so much for taking the time.

Wild times.

Yes.

Thank you so much for having me.

I'm sure you're going to be back on.

with the billion dollar raise soon and not.

I'm sure, I'm sure.

Well, we will talk to you soon.

Max.

Great to get that update, Max.

Congrats to the team.

Awesome.

Goodbye.

See, guys.

Cheers.

Code review for the age of AI.

Graphite helps teams on GitHub ship higher quality software faster.

Tebow from OpenAI has some news here.

He says, we are adding compute as fast as we can for codex, but demand is surging faster than

anticipated in service can be a big.

choppy for some team is working hard behind the scenes everyone is happy with

Tebow resetting limits Adam dot GPT says Saint Tebow giver of tokens and the

resetter of limits we got to pull up the video you shared John which one oh yes

yes I just dropped it just dropped it in the chat we we have a few videos that

we can watch we can watch the trailer for Project Hail Mary but let's first

watch Tim Tebow give the promise

No sound.

I'm hoping for an undefeated season.

That was my goal.

Start it over.

Please.

I'm sorry.

I'm extremely sorry.

You know, we're hoping for an undefeated season.

That was my goal.

Something the floor is never done here.

But I promise you one thing.

A lot of good will come out of this.

You have never seen any player in the entire country

play as hard as I will play the rest of the season,

and you never see someone push the rest of the team

as hard as I will push everybody the rest of the season.

And you never see a team play harder than we will the rest of this season.

God bless.

Great speech.

And that's how John read Tebow at OpenAI's post.

We are adding compute as fast as we can for codex,

but demand is surging faster than anticipated.

Team is working hard behind the scenes.

You will never see a team work as hard behind the scenes as our team.

God bless.

Project Hail Mary debuted with a 95% on Rotten Tomatoes.

It's described as one of the best sci-fi films of the decade.

We've got to get Nick to get some tickets for our team.

We will definitely be going.

I'm very excited.

Let's pull up the full trailer for Project Hail Mary,

since it is Movie Day on TVPS.

Please state your name.

Riley and Grace, they spoke up from a coma.

Have you seen The Martian?

Yeah.

This is from the same author, Andy Weir.

I'm not an astronaut.

I'm not an astronaut.

If you don't go, you die.

We're the rest of us.

A Hail Mary situation.

The sun is dying.

Oh no.

You are the only scientist who might know what this is.

I'm just a teacher at Grover, Cleveland Middle.

You have a doctorate in molecular biology.

I need you to come with us.

This is Project Hail Mary.

The sun is not the only star dying.

Every star was infected by its neighbor except one.

Why?

We don't know!

Which is why we build a ship to go there.

To go there and find out.

It's 11.9 light years away.

The astronauts die in space.

It's what you Americans would call a lung shot.

Hail Mary, I get it.

The name of the movie.

They said the name of the movie.

I love a movie like this.

He has no experience.

But he has to go anyway.

He was just a professor.

Just a normal person.

This is every man's dream.

I put the knot an astronaut.

I've never done anything.

I've never done a space.

I can't even moonwalk.

See, I seriously think there's like a 50% chance

this happens to me at some point in my life.

They're just like, John, you're the only person

that can save humanity, you gotta go.

You gotta go.

If I got to go, I gotta go.

I'm ready.

This is my fantasy.

I understand the stakes.

I do.

He's so good.

My place is in the classroom.

The world is counting on you.

might be very hard for you to understand.

But some people are not good at things.

2026 box office is 27% below free pandemic 2019.

No black pilling while the Hail Mary trailer is playing.

50%.

No black pilling.

We are going to change that stat by going and seeing this film.

We will be watching Fonditale Mary and single-handedly bringing back the film industry.

We're going to make Hollywood.

The center of entertainment.

I've been an alien.

He's kind of growing on me.

At least he's not growing in me, you know,

which was a concern for a little while.

This looks fun.

I think this is a good movie to start the summer.

It's a little bit early, but it's warm here in California.

I'm going to call you Rock.

We'll have a fun time with that.

The Financial Times loved it.

They said Project Hail Mary.

Ryan Gosling's good humor propels space caper of serious uplift.

A science teacher buddies up with a boulder-like alien.

to save the sun in an escapist morale booster.

One more trailer?

Of the Lego movie.

I would love to watch another trailer.

Let's pull up the trailer for the AI Doc.

Yes, the AI Doc.

This is the real movie that will get people back in seats.

Everyone loves AI.

They're going to want to hear about AI.

They're going to want to head to the theater to watch the AI Doc.

Let's watch the trailer.

Look at this line up.

They got Sam.

They got Demas.

They got Dario.

What happened with Mark Zuckerberg?

We'll never know why he turned this down.

But they get Elon?

They didn't get Elon.

Elon said yes, but then he got busy.

There's a difference.

But there's Yikowski.

Got L-Azer.

They got a whole squad showing up.

Is now a terrible time to have a kid.

I mean, just to be honest, I know people who work on AI risk

who don't expect their children to make it to high school.

Oh.

Oh.

Oh.

It's surprisingly straightforward.

Intelligence is about recognizing patterns.

Patterns.

Patterns.

If you have learned those patterns,

you can generate new information.

AI is moving so fast.

It's being deployed prematurely.

There's so much potential for things to go wrong.

Why can't we just stop?

What if it all right?

All these companies are in a ways to get AI.

That's vastly more intelligent than people within this decade.

China, North Korea, Russia,

Korea, Russia.

They got Ilya in here.

They got Joshua Benjo.

Who else is they got?

Yvall, Noah Harari, Reid Hoffman's in there.

Daniela.

It feels like I have to find these CEOs and get them in the movie.

Great.

They got Sam.

They got Darius.

Where's Mark Zuckerberg?

Get in this movie, bro.

Demand reshoes.

Anyway, fun documentary.

Clearly, this is going to be the thing

that turns the tide on Hollywood.

Everyone's going to go to this.

It's going to be sold out.

Get your tickets now.

Octa helps you assign every AI agent

a trusted identity so you get the power of AI

without the risk.

Secure every agent, secure any agent

with Octa.

And without further ado, Alan McClennan in the restroom waiting room.

We'll bring him into the TVP.

What's going on?

Alan, how are you doing?

I'm doing just fine, gentlemen.

It's nice to meet you, but I'm great to meet you too.

We were just talking about Hollywood.

How are you feeling about Hollywood?

I am optimistic.

Project Hail Mary looks good.

This AI documentary looks good.

Is there any cause for optimism?

Oh, of course there is.

Yeah, the basis of the creative storytellers in Hollywood are in parallel.

And everyone wants to come to Hollywood to do their projects no matter what anybody says.

Yes, there has been somewhat of an accident only because that was motivated by the Sega after strike and everything kind of shut down.

460 plus million a day was lost.

So it was a big hit for Hollywood.

And so that changed dynamics considerably.

Yeah.

But from a storytelling standpoint and the capabilities of putting things together, it's truly fantastic.

It's the community that makes things happen.

Yeah.

How do you think the the mix of different film budgets is changing or should change?

We've been in a, you know, there's the, there's the low budget film and there's the huge blockbuster that gets up in.

hundreds of millions of dollars.

And it feels like we might be entering a new regime soon

where there's more lower budget films made

that are even more impressive than the blockbusters of old.

How do you think Hollywood will react to new technologies,

potentially making blockbusters more affordable,

more creativity, more diverse perspectives?

How do you think all of that changes?

I think you just summed it up really well, to tell you the truth.

The fact of it is is that it's nothing really new.

This has been evolving over many years, 50 years, different types of programming, television,

you know, 30-minute shows, episodic activities.

All of that has evolved.

It's really driven towards the audiences and the interest of the audience.

You know, micro-programming is the new.

It used to be called, you know, basically crater economy or the creator content.

You know, user-generated content on 2004-2005 when YouTube came into play,

it kind of created a whole new genre of everybody can produce something.

But that doesn't take away the importance of the quality of the programming.

You know, and when it comes to micro-programming, let's say, micro-shows,

those in and of themselves for 90 seconds to three minutes are something that you really want to be able to capture.

Yeah.

You know, and also view.

And people do.

Now, kind of the average viewing of a micro show is four to five different segments.

It's kind of streamed together.

Yeah.

So in answer to your question, as best I can, it will find its path.

It will find its, like, for example, your program.

Yeah.

You know, here's consumers are looking at this and being able to engage with it,

and it's developing and delivering great content.

at least I'd like to take that with me on.

Thank you. Thank you.

We do have a question from the chat I want to ask about this idea of Barbenheimer,

these moments that are shelling points.

They bring everyone together.

And I'm wondering if you think that we'll see more of those in the future or if Hollywood

should be thinking, even if it's teaming up with a rival studio, to create something that gets

even more people into the theaters.

Because the internet's so noisy, but everyone's in their own little pockets.

But then something like Barbenheimer happens and the Barbie film and Oppenheimer and they're two completely different.

But everyone was talking about it and it seemed like it was the true Hollywood returning to the center stage of American culture post-COVID, in my opinion.

Yeah, cultural events are really important no matter what they are, you know, wherever they are.

You know, there's groups out there that are doing that live, Kossin, that's pulling the kinds of activities together.

There's this sphere, which is another.

place that is a communal environment that is truly fantastic.

When it comes to the kind of event that you're talking about with Barmyheimer,

pardon me, the fact of it is that people are looking for that.

People want to engage you.

A long time ago, and I say really a long time ago, you know, remember when we were

looking at the kinds of shared experience, like interactive television, where you could

choose what you're watching with anyone in any particular time.

that didn't really go over that great.

You know, it was good and it was well done,

but people really didn't want to watch television

and share what their neighbor or whatever it might be.

They would talk about things when it came to programming

with their friends, but not that many.

So audience sizing is really critically important,

and events like that are unquestionably key

in driving, you know, merchandising, participation, and just engagement.

And this is what's happening around the world when it comes to the new types of episodic

television, whether it's blue and turkey or, you know, the different types of acorn in the UK.

These are really important networks that are driving a lot of viewers at this time.

Hollywood has a lot of fear around AI.

A lot of people don't even want to talk about, even if they're,

excited about it because of fear of pushback. I've had a slightly more optimistic view that if you look

back the last 10 years of traditional Hollywood as in like the place, not like the industry,

a lot of these big productions are being shipped out of state or overseas. And I've had this

optimistic view that Hollywood could see a general resurgence if the storytelling capacity stays

here, but like we are no longer having to do as many expensive shoots in Europe or the Middle

East or any of these other places because those scenes can now be generated, but the talent that

is involved with, you know, effectively directing, producing, casting, those people could have a

higher volume of work and budgets could potentially be distributed instead of one, you know,

$200 million movie.

you might have $10, $20 million productions that are using AI to be more efficient.

Am I totally off?

Do you think that's a possibility?

What's your view?

Well, AI has been here for about 20 years.

So it's hardly been involved when it comes to production and the ease of the overall product being created.

You know, where it comes into play is, you know, daily to the day.

the end of the day, you can take a look at five, six different cuts very quickly, all during live

shots of what you're putting together. When it comes to AI involved, it's one of those

situations where it's a tool, and it's a tremendous tool. And how that tool is leveraged is going

to become key. You know, there's different efforts when it comes with all the different types of

content creation editorial tools. It's the managing.

layers that stay on top that allow for the efficiencies that come into play to create pieces

of content and then that lowers time lowers time is lowering budgets lowering budgets means

rapid and escalating the kinds of productions that then are created so you can you can meet the

timeline you can meet the pipeline you can get more programming into you know into the distribution points

to be able to see some of the more interesting things that are out there that are really

The key is how, not just AI, but AI when it comes to the content creation, like, for example, the ability to on the fly level set and uplift all of that content into high quality visual, like 4K and UHD.

Like, we're looking at UHD right now.

Yeah.

You know, and, well, 4K.

And the fact of it is it looks pretty good.

Well, and a lot of content that's being created that's pushed out there, it's being shot.

in 4K, but as soon as it cuts to advertising, it drops down, drops down the suitcase.

So you get this fragmentation that takes place that doesn't look good.

That goes back up to 4K.

And so level setting, all of that, is back to the point of audience engagement.

And so audience engagement is really key.

You kind of touched it a little bit when it says to the cost of production.

Why wouldn't you?

Why wouldn't you go down to Rio or Johannesburg or Prague?

and do a production or London and do a production for 80% of the cost of what it took to do in L.A. or Hollywood.

Okay.

There was a shift on that.

The actors pool, the production capabilities now that you have live engagement in production facilities in L.A.

or San Francisco or London, because of the state of technology isn't just the AI component.

It's how things are made and how things get done.

So the actors are, you know, exceptional in each one of those cities they just identified.

Paris, some of the French programming, it's great.

Some of the Madrid programming, all of it is exceptionally well, but then the cost of putting that together is considerably less.

That's the problem that we have.

AI can actually do a lot more engaged activities and enhance that capability as we move forward.

We just had a recent event out in the desert.

That's not like milling around in the sand or anything like that.

It's like what we're talking about is it, Palm Springs is quite lovely.

And the fact of it was with what's called the Hollywood Professionals Association, that's HPA.

and that way we delve into that kind of discussion about the impact of AI.

And what we really really come down to is that it's another fabulous tool.

It's to be respected more than it is to be feared.

And yes, will it kind of lessen the amount of workers that are going to be approaching this?

Yeah, but those workers, the workers are very straightforward.

You either learn how to use tools or if you stick your hands.

heels in the ground and drag yourself, then you're going to be passed by.

So you learn how to use something to make something move forward.

Yeah.

And we saw that with the digital transition where, you know, people who shoot on film,

there are still movies that get shot on film.

It's a smaller community and those films are special in their own way.

And I don't think anyone expects a complete revolution overnight in any of these things.

We do have one last question from the chat.

a sort of funny one.

There's a surfboard behind you that looks like it's seen very many amazing beaches.

Do you surf?

Where do you surf?

Tell us about the surfboard.

I have.

Nice.

And I do.

As I've gotten older, my balance sucks.

But other than that, my son's a big surfer.

We're all surfers.

We're water family.

That's amazing.

And so in the course of that, yes, I do.

And now I'm more of a sponger.

somebody's actually identified that, then they'll might know what a sponger is.

I know what a sponger is.

But I respect it.

I respect it.

You've earned the sponge, I think.

So it's, it kind of comes back to that, you know, that's a prop.

What can I tell you?

I love it.

It's a board snapped in half.

It's not a board.

So I had a Hayden's shapes that the same brand that I took to like 20-some countries.

And it did eventually snap.

They're like weirdly, this type of.

aboard it's like a they're like extremely durable in some ways but they have these certain impact

points where it's like over okay they'll just snap yeah but a lot of fun memories on uh yeah my hidden

shapes back in the day well thank you so much for taking the time uh we appreciate you taking the time

to come chat with us today hope you have a great rest of your day hopefully see out in the water

we'll talk to you soon thank you and i hope i was added some value absolutely take care have a great to meet

bye bye bye goodbye

What's the only thing faster than the AI market?

Your business on MongoDB.

Don't just build AI.

Own the platform that powers it.

And without further ado, we'll bring in Jagdeep Singh from Rota AI.

How are you doing?

Welcome to the show.

Thanks.

How are you?

Thank you so much for taking the time to join us.

Good great.

Since it's your first time in the show, please introduce yourself in the company a little bit.

Yes, I'm Jack Depe Singh.

I'm one of the co-founders of Rota AI.

and we are building

a generous, intelligent robot foundation models

to solve real problems and facturing and logistics.

Okay, help me understand what I'm thinking of

when I think of a robot.

I'm familiar with the Cuka robotic arm,

the optimist humanoid, like the Roomba.

There's so many different ways to think about robotics.

The Tesla Model 3 is in many ways a robot.

Where do you see the first robot coming online?

Yeah, great question.

So we've had robots for a long time.

Traditional robots have been around for decades,

and they're exactly what you described.

Kuka, robots like that that are basically designed to move through a predefined trajectory.

That's a program, and they can do one thing really well over and over again repeatedly.

What they can't do is deal with variability.

So they don't learn by themselves from data.

There's a new class of robot people working on in Silicon Valley.

It's kind of a hot thing as probably you've heard.

The robots that have a neural network capability and can learn from data.

You feed up a lot of data of robots moving through certain trajectories,

and they can learn for themselves how to perform those tasks.

The problem is those approaches use what's called a VLA, a vision-language action model.

I don't want to move you guys with details, but...

We love the details.

So go...

So these VLA models, you know, you've probably seen robot demos on the Internet

doing cool things, like making coffee or holding...

The problem is all these demos are just that.

They're demos.

They work well in a lab setting, but they fail if you move the model into the real world.

And the question is why do they fail in the real world?

Well, because these models are trained on relatively small datasets because you don't have Internet-scale data sets for robotics trajectories.

So people teleoperate robots, like puppeteering robots around to do certain tasks.

And you collect a number of trajectories that way.

And then you can train the model to do that task.

But because the quantity you did is so small, they can only work well if the test set is

very similar in this distribution to the data set it was trained on. And the problem is you can do that

in a lab setting. When you take it to the real world, there's a much broader diversity of settings,

of configurations, of objects, lighting, and so on, and the models fail. So that's a central

problem that we were started to address is how do you get robots to generalize beyond these very

contrived situations that people have shown they work in in lab settings? And so we've got a different

approach that we're taking. Okay. Push back against the teleop strategy,

because I was totally on board with the no teleop thing during the Tesla boom.

But then Waymo seemed to do a lot of teleop, and it seemed to sort of work.

And so when I think about ways to get a lot of data, teleop doesn't seem like the craziest thing in a world where we have a bunch of scale AI, Mercore.

There's all these data, you know, RLHF teams that are sort of manually curating answers to questions for LLMs.

like the human in the loop for a medium amount of time seems to be a tried and true path.

Why does teleop now make sense in this particular industry?

Great question.

I'm glad you asked it.

So I think self-driving car is a bit of a special case because the car is basically a robot

that is very easy to teleop with.

Sit in it basically have four actuators, left, right, speed up and slow it out.

And we all have been driving cars for a long time and you can easily put it millions of miles in a car,

which is what way more of the world had to do to learn how to learn how to drive.

self-drive. They did collect a lot of data. But even there, they don't have all the data they need.

There's a lot of so-called corner cases that those cars run into that cause it. In the case of

robotics, the problem is much more serious because now you're talking about manipulation.

You're not just operating a robot with a single environment like a flat road. You're dealing with

the full dexterity of a human hand, but 20 degrees of freedom per hand. Every object's different.

Every type of task is different, right? And these things become very difficult to teleoperate.

teleoperation process for these.

You got to wear a headset.

You hear the joystick in your hands

and you're trying to move the robot around.

It's just very hard.

And Kennedy, the problem isn't just the quantity of data,

although that's obviously a problem.

You can spend a lifetime doing this

that we think you wouldn't get to internet scale.

But the big issue is the diversity of data.

If all the data you have is data

that you've intentionally collected,

then you almost by definition

haven't seen the corner cases.

You haven't seen all those edge scenarios

that cause failure.

So the way that we're approaching it is

different tall together.

We, you know, we, we, we, we, our team comes from generative AI and computer vision.

And the idea is, you know, if you look at every other AI model that's worked, they all start

with an incredible amount of data.

Typically, you know, a whole internet's worth of data, whether it's language models or image

models or video models.

And then there's a small amount of fine tuning that you use to align the model.

That fine tuning data set, uh, teleoperation is fine for that, by the way.

Yeah.

That's what we're doing.

But for the pre-training, it's just completely inadequate.

So what we did is say what what data set is there that's internet scale

massive diversity and from which you can learn about the physics of how things move and there's only one answer

that's internet video right so well we because our team comes from computer vision and general modeling

that was the approach that we took so we basically literally trained the model on hundreds of millions of videos

really millions of clips in fact and and in our view the model has seen almost anything that

that you can see in reality and then with that

a tiny amount of teleoporation that literally on the order of 10 hours, right,

compared to what the VLA approach requires, which is, you know, like tens of thousands,

if not hundreds of thousands of hours of data.

You can actually teach the robot to do certain tasks.

So that level of data efficiency is, you know, we've never seen.

That's kind of one of the big breakthroughs here.

So what is the, what is the early customer set going to look like?

Are you, can you work with any type of robotic manufacturer, everything from humanoid,

to arms or is there a particular focus? What are you most excited about?

Yeah, great question. So, you know, we're not going after the consumer market. We think that

there's lower hanging fruit in the commercial industrial logistics markets where you already

have a lot of, you know, tasks being done that people are being paid for, where you could use

some help from automation. And we actually are full-stack company. So we have this AI model. It's

very cool. We call it the direct video action model because it makes a video of what it thinks the robot

should do, and then it converts that to action, so the robot actually does it, and does that

in closed loop, so it re-observes.

Basically, the way the model works is observe, predict, act in closed loop.

And so that's a key part of our valuation, but we're a full-style company, so we're

doing the robot hardware as well.

Why are we doing hardware, even though there's 100-plus robot companies in the world?

Well, because we couldn't find one that actually met the requirements of the use cases were

in a incident.

We wanted to lift 25 kilograms, not just once, but all day long.

That's called rated capacity.

If you try to do that with conventional robots, you'll burn out the motors, and that obviously is a reliability.

It has to be reliable enough for the last the full three years that we're targeting, basically.

But more importantly, we wanted the robot kinematics to have what's called a linear response.

Linear responses are actually systems that can be modeled by an AI model.

If you have any kind of non-linearities in a system like compliance or toxicity, that's very hard to model, and that doesn't work well with AI.

So we wanted to build more of an Apple-like solution

where we control the OS and we control the hardware

in order to provide a full solution to the customer.

Having said that, some of our customers do want our model

to control their existing hardware.

You open up by talking about Kuka, for example.

A lot of them have Kuka hardware.

So it would be very straightforward to imagine a Kuka arm

sending an API call into our model saying,

here's what I see, what should I do?

The model response says, do X, Y, Z,

robot does that, and so on.

So we will make the model available to third parties.

We want to create a whole ecosystem here.

But day one, we're really focusing on providing a full solution that is really tightly

integrated.

Yeah.

So great answer to the teleop question.

Talk about the SIM to Real Gap.

Why is simulation building a physics engine and a robot that perfectly mirrors the human body

or whatever your hardware is, all the different hinges?

and then running that in a virtual environment,

Unreal Engine or something like that,

and then transferring that learning back to the robot.

Why does that not work as well as people expected it to work?

So, first of all, excellent question.

You guys are more up to speed on robotics than I would have guessed.

Thank you.

So Simder Real is exactly what you described.

You learn in simulation and you try to apply that in the real world.

There are two problems there.

One is no matter how well,

you try to model the laws of the physical world,

there's always what's called a sim to real gap.

You can't perfectly model all the complexities of things like deformable objects

and transparent objects with light moves and so on.

But more important than that,

it's the same kind of problem that happens with teleoperation,

which is a lack of diversity.

If all the data you're collecting is intentionally collected,

then you're not going to see all those corner cases.

And that's the fundamental difference between the lab and the real world,

the so-called long tail of the distribution.

In the real world, right, you see.

a lot more of these long-tail events that you might only see once, you know, in your entire

lifetime, but you need to be able to deal with them. A good example of that, by the way,

was this case where, you know, one of the self-driving cars ran into a woman on a bicycle

chasing a chicken onto the street, right? Now, there's no way you're going to see that more

of the ones in your data set. And in that, you're not going to see in your, you know, intentionally

collected data set. But you might actually see it on internet video. Like, there is a video right now

of Harry Hawk doing the 900.

And that is a very weird thing for humanoid body shape to do.

But he did it.

It's real.

And the laws of physics apply.

So there's something that you can learn from that,

even if it's in the longest tail,

that applies back to just picking up this Diet Coke and taking a sip.

Tusha.

And that's actually a really important point.

So when we curate our datasets for the pre-training,

we don't try to overly curate them down to, for example,

manipulation tasks.

We have things like videos and waves crashing on a beach,

which you might think has nothing to do with manipulation,

But it turns out there's some knowledge about physics and how the world works in those videos.

And that's why this model can generalize so powerfully.

It's been trained on so much stuff that it just, in the same way that Chachipti was trained on, you know,

Chachipi can produce, you know, Shakespearean lyrics if you want or, you know, whatever, you know, plays.

But it wasn't only trained on Shakespeare.

It was also trained on rap lyrics and quitter feet and so on.

And so the same thing applies here.

You want to be able to train on everything to provide that prior on.

how things move, and then you align that prior with robot-specific data from teleoperation

to perform the task for it.

That makes a ton of sense.

Well, congratulations.

How'd the round come together?

Who participated?

Yeah, who participated?

Yeah, it's a great round.

So we were announcing a series A, so it was led by, you know, Coastal Ventures, led by Tomasek,

who was led by a wreck, G.

We have a gong here.

Congratulations.

$450 million Series A.

That's a lot of money.

Great way to come out of stealth.

I recommend every founder.

If you're going to come out to stealth, come out with half a billion.

It's a good way to make a splash.

Yeah.

Thank you guys.

And project confidence.

We appreciate to be you.

Have a great rest of your day.

Talk more.

Thank you.

Plaid powers the apps you use to spend, say, borrow, and invest,

securely connecting bank accounts to move money, fight fraud, and improve lending now with AI.

Shopify is the commerce platform that grows with your business

and lets you sell in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social,

on Marketplaces and now with AI agents.

Without further ado, our last guest of the show.

Or what?

Scott, how you doing?

What's going on?

Fantastic.

How's it going, gentlemen?

It's going fantastically over here, too.

It's great to see you here.

Are we up in the corner?

You got an interesting...

What's that?

That's our logo.

I don't know.

I had a really big...

No, I was just saying because it's like you're looking...

It looks like you're looking at me.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

I have my screen up here.

Okay.

Okay, okay. Well, first time on the show, please introduce yourself in the company.

Come over here, hang out. I'm kidding.

That's better. That's better.

Please introduce yourself in the company.

I'm Scott, co-founder and CEO of Throne Science, where we're building the first device to track gut health, hydration, bathroom habits, and prostate health, hands free automatically every time you go to the bathroom.

So people like to analogize us. We are whoop for your poop or aura for your flora.

Mm-hmm.

Very, very cool.

And, yeah, just first time on the show somehow.

Is it all direct-to-consumer or is there pay-with-your insurance?

How does all of that work?

Yeah, great question.

So we're launching today, direct-to-consumer.

We are HSA-FSA eligible, and we do have a longer-term insurance B-to-B roadmap.

But kind of the thinking there is it's really hard to build a B-to-B company that ever succeeds B-2C.

whereas if you build a consumer brand, the people you're ultimately selling into are people.

Are aware.

Talk about the journey to get here.

I know it has been two years at this point?

You guys have been grinding away, and it's awesome to finally get to launch.

I appreciate it, man.

It's been almost three years.

So we originally pivoted.

We started in nurse staffing, and then as soon as COVID ended, that was a terrible business to be in.

So we decided, let's go back to the drawing board.

both my parents are doctors my dad's a medical advice inventor my co-founder tim he comes from a health care

family so he converged on health care as an interest area for us and he had been thinking about smart toilets

in the abstract since college just as like you know it's a sci-fi and inevitable future

and we called my mom one day and asked her she's a geriatrician was like mom is there any medical

utility to looking at people's waste and she goes honey there's a joke in the field of geriatrics

that all old people talk about is their kids their meds and their poop and it's so true that

I no longer give my phone number to my patients because they send me so many pictures of their

poop.

And Tim and I walked away from that conversation like, wow, that's crazy, but also really

interesting because it means that people intuitively appreciate that there's health information

in their waste.

And B, it's so common that it changed the way my mom as a physician communicates with her patients

as a blanket policy.

And so we started doing a bunch of homework and just kind of, you know, arrived at this perspective

on the world that is you have continuous monitoring on every other category of your health, right?

You're asleep, your cardio, your respiratory, your metabolic.

health, nothing looking at your GI or urinary health, despite the fact that two and three

Americans been surveyed said they'd experienced GI symptoms in the last week, and that was in 2019,

before GLP-1s were a thing.

50 million Americans have a diagnosed urinary tract condition, 60 million Americans have a diagnosed

gut health condition, and you have a 10% lifetime risk of being diagnosed with a cancer

of the lower GI or urinary tract.

So that's about one in six U.S. cancers.

And the earliest signs they leave are microscopic blood in your waist.

And so there's a, you know, our ultimate vision is building what we call the,

first continuous cancer screener. Okay, microscopic. So you can't just use a camera on the inside of

the toilet. What is the actual data capture? You can't put everything in a mass spec either.

So you're somewhere in between. What is the actual sensor staff like? So the device we're launching

today is thrown one. This is a camera and microphone that clips out of the side of your toilet.

Okay. Just like that. Like that. Super easy. Easy. And from there, it has a little sensor on the

top here that detects when someone is at the toilet or sitting on the toilet.

Sure.

It uses your Bluetooth to know this is Scott versus John or Jordy.

Sure.

So that's hands-free, automatic.

Once you've installed it, you never have to touch it or think about it.

And then it uses a dozen different computer vision models in the back-in to track gut health,

your urinary function, prostate health, and hydration.

And then the last big category or the last ultimate innovation that we're marching towards

is that smoke detector for urinary tract and GI canters.

And so this is a R&D.

device that's going into the future throne.

Got it.

That can image across nine different wavelengths looking for the unique spectral fingerprint of

hemoglobin.

Yeah, so you can go deeper than just a photo.

I sort of don't want a ton of push notifications from this thing.

I only want it to call me when something's a problem.

Except that's you, but I would expect the average, the people love, there's almost nothing

that Americans love more than health data.

I guess, yeah.

So what is consumer demand?

You check your sleep score.

What's wrong with your, and then?

then what is, what do consumers demand and then what do you actually do?

So when you say what did consumers demand?

Yeah, yeah.

Like how often do consumers want to hear from the device in terms of reporting, in terms of,

do they want a weekly newsletter?

Do they want a daily report?

Do they want to push notification constantly?

Like, yes, you're right.

I check my sleep score a lot.

But most of that's just because I'm competitive with you.

I don't actually want to push notification about my sleep every single day.

I more want to be able to look back on it and understand a trend.

and understand, okay, actually there's a long-term trend here.

Maybe I need to get to bed to earlier or something like that.

Like, I don't actually, it's not in my daily review of my life,

but what are your customers seeing and what's most effective?

Because ideally for me as a customer, I would just say, hey,

just be quiet unless there's a problem and then tell me to go to the doctor.

Yeah.

And I think for people who have healthy GI tracts, that is a perfectly reasonable position.

Yep.

and for people who are, you know, having a gut health journey, so to say, the number one thing they want is, well, two things.

Number one, if they're working with physicians or caretakers, patient reported outcomes are notoriously terrible, particularly when it comes to your gut health.

And so bringing a objective measure of my gut health into my physician's office is a huge leg up.

Yeah.

Like the word that comes to mind that keeps coming up in these conversations is people say it's humiliating to be asked to keep a spreadsheet of their bowel movements.

So automating that is huge.

The other big thing is...

Really quickly on that, on that point,

is the patient experience just like,

patient goes into the doctor's office and says,

hey, I have this app, let me open it on my phone,

and you can just scroll through it.

Is it as simple as that?

So that's what it is right now.

We're building exports and then the next big,

like, you know, the first kind of B2B feature set

is going to be a, like a provider dashboard

that allows your provider to request.

Exactly.

But just having the data is like 99.

percent of the battle, right? Okay, cool. Sorry, I didn't cut you off. Second thing. Yeah,

second big thing is, and this is kind of the thing that has historically plagued any wearable

device is when you have a wearable, you're by necessity measuring outputs, right? Quality of sleep,

your heart rate, those are all outputs. And what people want to be told is what are the inputs

I need to change to optimize my outputs? And when it comes to gut health, so much of that

has to do with diet and lifestyle to understand what are my dietary triggers?

What are my sensitivities?

What are my intolerances?

And this is true of people with, you know, endomatic deficiencies as well as IBS and IBD.

And so we are building a, what we call an AI gut health coach that will allow you to narrate, what are the things that I ate and what does my lifestyle look like?

What are my exogenous stressors?

And then it correlates those against your objective ground truth gut health to be able to tell you these are the things that are best and worse for your health specifically.

And ultimately we call this like gastro typing, right?

which is like, how can we understand the black box that is your gut specifically?

And when we have this at scale, we'll have 10,000 other users that have a similar profile of inputs and outputs.

And we'll know what are the things that work best for them?

And let's start you there.

Talk about customer acquisition strategy, marketing, top of funnel.

It feels like it's sort of hard to bring like a really cool celebrity on board for this potentially.

At the same time, like, this might just go viral naturally.

Like, are you doing influencer strategies?

spending a lot of money on meta platform.

I feel like there's alpha,

for celebs to be like super transparent

around health issues because it can deepen a connection

with their audio.

Yeah, yeah, Roe and Serena Williams.

That was sort of an unlikely partnership and it happened.

But what are you thinking in terms of the next couple of years of marketing?

Yeah, so we want to do what functioned health and superpower have done

with blood testing or what levels did with continuous glucose monitoring.

Yeah.

Like metabolic health straight up was not a.

a term until they breathe that into the zeitgeist.

And the playbook there is align yourself with the most credible physician in that space online.

And so we've done that.

Our chief of science is Dr. Curran Rajan.

He's the biggest GI doctor on the internet, has 10 million followers across TikTok, Twitter,

YouTube, and Instagram.

And he's our chief of science.

He's an amazing health communicator and educator.

And so he is equity aligned and working with us.

to help educate people about functional GI and why tracking things like urinary function and prostate

health are important and can help improve your health outcomes. The next big piece of this is, to

your point, celebrities, influencers, I've been amazed at, you know, we have like, even back when we

had like a thousand followers on Instagram, probably like 5% of our pre-orders were celebrities and

like celebrity entrepreneurs. Like, it's crazy. There's, I, I, I,

give celebrity credit for being really on the cutting edge of longevity and thinking forward about,

you know, what is it going to look like when I'm 80, 85?

How did you process Kohler coming out with their version of a smart toilet?

When I saw that, it was a shock to me because when we first met, I was like, Scott's crazy,

this idea is crazy.

It's going to be, you know, this incredible challenge.

But the beauty of it is nobody.

he's going to be crazy enough to compete with him. And then I saw it was sometime last year,

Kohler came out and I was like, I guess Scott's really onto something if Kohler, you know, is,

so anyways, my view is super validating, but how did you process it?

The same. I think, you know, the biblical of David was a shepherd until he met Goliath.

And Kohler is incredibly validating here, right? Like, it shifts the conversation from why would

you want a device like this to which device like this is better and why would I want this?

And I have opinions on the product, but I'll say it's an immaculately engineered product and they paid attention to a lot of the wrong things.

You have to manually start it every time you use the toilet.

And like, you've been going to the bathroom the same way since you're potty trained to two years old.

Introducing one extra step into that routine is just not reasonable.

That's not meeting people where they are.

Great point.

And I personally, I don't trust big toilet.

I don't trust big toilet.

I'm not going to give big toilet my data.

Yeah, I mean, also just, you know, a, like a new toilet can cost like $1,000.

This product is much cheaper than that.

And so for a lot of folks, they'll just say, well, there's actually no problem with the rest of the device.

I just want to get this as an add-on, similar to eight-sleep.

People like the bed that they're sleeping on, they just get the cover.

Yeah.

It's a time on.

Awesome.

Scott.

Well, I'm so excited for this to be out in the world and to finally, for you to finally be launched.

I know how hard you've been working on this for so long,

and it's awesome to see all the progress

and how intentional the whole product is.

Thank you so much.

Congrats to the whole team,

and yeah, I'm excited to see what insights people have

and all the learnings that come from this.

We'll talk to you soon.

Goodbye.

Thank you, John. Thank you.

Cheers.

Well, if you're looking to improve your gut health,

your overall health, change your diet,

maybe you need a new job

and you need to work at a different tech company,

but thankfully, Riley Walls over at OpenAI,

scraped tech company cafeteria menus, and today he launched lunches.fyi.

I think it was actually yesterday.

So he scraped the corporate cafeteria menus from a number of tech companies that you're obviously

familiar with, not only tech companies, Nvidia, Target, Chime, Century, our sponsor is scraped in here.

And you can see that Century got an S tier for our taste, an A tier for protein, healthy, C,

not too bad, vegan, A, open AI, S tier on taste, C tier on protein though, they got to get those numbers up.

Riley's begging for it. He's naming and shaman every tech company here.

Pretty bullish for Adobe that they went S tier on protein.

S tier on protein. So you can go in here, you can search every single company for how they did.

Starbucks is doing well on 14.

And V-Dia going S-tier for taste, S-tier for protein, F-Tier for healthy.

So they had truffled duck confit pizza, Galby short ribs and Korean sesame rice.

That's Sishuan pepper corn pesto sauce.

There's some good meals in here.

If you're looking for a job at a big company.

This is making me hungry, John.

This is going to be the big part of the decision criteria for where you end up.

Could reset the entire AI talent war narrative.

Lots of people are picking based on who's working with the government, who's not working with the government.

well, there's a new access to make your decision on,

do you want to work for a company that serves?

Go-Chijong Korean drumsticks or carnitas and tofu?

That's the big question in 2026.

Tesla got B for taste, S for protein, and D for healthy.

And an F for vegan.

They didn't do many vegan options.

I feel like this all kind of tracked.

There's lots of different options here.

Well, you can go check it out at lunches.fye.

The last launch of today is, of course, Jan Lacoon, which we talked about a little bit.

It raised $1.03 billion for one of the largest seed rounds ever, probably the largest for a European country or company, which is interesting because he was in meta for a long time.

He wasn't in Europe.

I guess he decamped to Europe to a.

AMI.

I like the name.

Advanced machine intelligence.

This presents an opportunity for...

I think there was alpha.

Normal machine intelligence.

We need a million bozos in a data center yesterday.

A million bozos in a data center.

There's also a good nomin of determinism because in French, you know, Ami is friend.

Oh, okay, friend.

Okay, AMI.

He's French.

I think there would have been alpha.

Like there's a lot of these AI labs that have just names that are like machine intelligence thinking,

advanced, automated, blah, blah, blah.

He could have just done like Lacoon Industries.

He's such a big name, you know, Ford Motor Company.

Let's just do Lacoon Technology Company.

I think the last name.

The Lacoon Technology Company of France.

It would be pretty good.

It'd be pretty good.

So not too late to rename now.

Normal is upset that the logo looks very similar.

I mean, there's only so many logos out there.

Okay.

Last but not least, we got to talk about.

We've got to talk about Vail, Matthew Prince.

Yes.

Says, Vail Resorts likely to open tomorrow down to where if you invested 10 years ago,

you'd have done as well as putting your money in a hole.

It's time for a change to become more asset light, sell-off resorts,

and allow character and differentiation to return to skiing.

And what I loves, our very own John Conkel said,

cloud flare result.

And this got me thinking, SaaS companies should buy mountains.

This is good.

Or just buy the naming rights to the mountain.

We were pitching Cisco.

Squaw should be Salesforce Mountain.

Yes.

We were pitching.

Salesforce Mountain.

We were pitching Cisco on getting the naming rights to the Golden Gate Bridge.

It would be the Cisco Bridge.

It's already in the logo.

What should North Star mean?

North Star.

North Star.

Octa Mountain.

North Star.

Ramp at the very least needs to get a single skate park.

They've done a pop-up skate park.

at this point leading into the Super Bowl.

Just get the most definitive skate park out there.

I'm sure there's something good.

And who knows how it's doing financially.

Very, very interesting, the story of Vale, the rise and fall.

But, you know, hopefully if you've skied Vale this season,

you still had a fun time, more fun than if you'd invested 10 years ago

where you didn't make any money.

But that's our show for you today, folks.

leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts.

We have our new...

Do we have our new outro?

Not today.

We have a new outro coming tomorrow.

Coming tomorrow.

Wow.

Subscribe.

I was very excited for that.

Hit the subscribe button,

leave the bell on so that you're notified.

So you can tune in tomorrow.

Watch the full show, three hours.

Then at the end, there's a little...

Trip from deep in the X-Chat, Snowflake Mountain.

Snowflake Mountain.

That's good.

That's good.

Okay, thank you, Tripp.

Anyway, thank you for tuning in.

Subscribe to our newsletter at TBPN.com.

Have the best Tuesday.

Tuesday of your life. And goodbye. We love you.