=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: All-In ===
Titel: All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg - Exiled Iranian Prince Reza Pahlavi: Transition Plan and the Fight for Iran's Freedom
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/all-in-with-chamath-jason-sacks-friedberg/exiled-iranian-prince-reza-pahlavi-transition-plan-and-the-fight-for-irans-freedom
Datum: 2026-03-09
Länge: ~43k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

All right, everybody, welcome back to part two of the All In podcast, episode 263. We promised you a part two because we are very lucky that my dear friend, Shavut, Pishavar, was able to set up a very important historic interview for us today.

None other than Prince Reza Pahlavi is here. And we have a limited amount of time with you, Reza. May I call you Reza or should I call you Prince Reza?

Bye. Thank you.

Thank you. For having me on your program.

It's great to have you.

And this is a moment, I think, you've been waiting 47, close to 50 years for it,

which is we are at this moment in time looking at potentially the people of Iran being free.

You left the country and when you were 17 years old to become a pilot.

And now you are looking to help your people with a transition.

post this military activity, this operation, essentially a war that's going on right now that we all hope

gets resolved quickly. I think people would love to know what is your vision for Iran post this military

action. Well, thank you again for the opportunity. Before I get into that, I wanted to

simply stress the importance of this intervention that to us was like a rescue mission.

It was literally a humanitarian intervention to protect more lives that would otherwise

be lost under this extremely brutal and repressive regime that, as you know, has massacred

as of late tens of thousands of innocent and unarmed citizens.

In order to equalize the playing field, this was a much-needed intervention that a lot of

Iranians asked for, and fortunately it did happen. But what's the next step? Where are we headed to?

The most obvious question would be once the regime collapses, how do we manage the transition?

I've stepped in to lead this transition with the help of many of my compatriots from various sectors.

We believe that a stable transition will lead to, A, address the immediate needs of the country,

but then set the country on the path of redevelopment and reconstruction, which is, of course,

something that we were always hoping for that could not have happened under this corrupt

mafia-like regime. Iran should have been, had it not been for the revolution, today's South Korea

of the region. Instead, it has become the North Korea of the region. Why? Not because our people

are not gifted or talented or capable, not because we lack natural resources. It's simply because

of a corrupt, bad management. And a regime that basically took our country hostage, used it as a

launching path to export an ideology, and that's what we are here today. A different Iran, a democratic

secular Iran, with first and foremost bringing about the opportunities to our nation, but it will

open Iran for business again. Iran is one of the most untapped economic opportunities of the 21st

century, and it could tremendously change the shape of our world in terms of what would be beneficial

to the Iranian people, of course, but also from the vantage point of a country.

like the United States and billions of dollars that will be generated as a result of doing business in Iran,

we figure about one trillion in the first 10 years to the U.S. market, but also billions of dollars

that will be invested into Iran and everything that we need to have done in order to rebuild our country.

These are crazy opportunities that we can look forward to, and it all starts with moving towards

this recovery and transition.

And when your father was in charge, it was a monarchy, turned into a dictatorship.

And to be clear, the hope now is to evolve into a democracy with free elections for the people,

average age of people that are on now, early 30s, 31, 32 years old.

What would that look like?

What is a possible timeline?

And you have said on other programs and on your YouTube channel, which I suggest everybody

go search for and follow right now because you're speaking directly to the people on

X and on your YouTube channel.

What is the condition on the ground from the people you're talking to?

You said you've been talking to people in the military, civilians, and other leadership.

They're ready to move on.

What's the timeline?

And what are they telling you is happening on the ground today as we sit here?

Well, I think that now the playing field has been equalized, meaning that the people could finally, of course, awaiting the end of this campaign,

have a better opportunity to re-engage the streets

and take over their homeland.

Of course, part of the equation is how much implosion

from within the regime

and how much defections from the regime

in the sense of joining with the people this time

and not be an instrument that will halt

the people's progress,

but instead help the people in that transition,

meaning whether people are in the military

or security forces, as well as a civilian bureaucracy.

Unlike what happened after the fall of Saddam Hussein

and debatification. The scenario of change in Iran is totally different. And let's not forget,

Iran is a multiple century old nation state. It's a country that is extremely unified and united for


---


this common purpose. Under this tent, we have diverse groups that are joining in this national campaign,

people who are on the right, the center, the left, monarchies, Republicans, ethnic groups, religious

groups, every sector of society is engaged. I have had tremendous amount of

support coming from inside Iran. We have the support of the intelligentsia. We have the support of

universities. We have the support of the working class. We have the support of the diaspora that can

bring a lot to this equation. I think this is a good recipe that will allow us to manage this

transition, but set the country to clean up, be ready for business and create the opportunities

that will finally impact, first and foremost, Iranians who have been starving as a result of

this regime's corruption, but have a true opportunity to get back on track and improve their

livelihood. And I think it's also good for those who partner with us in this process, because there's a lot

to be done that would be win-win, as opposed to be lose-lose to the benefit of this corrupt

regime that has been the story of the past almost five decades. So the difference lies about this change

and how crucial it is. And of course, the reason we want to have a secular democracy,

the final form to be determined by the people of Iran

through pre-elections and a constitutional process.

But most important is that under equality

and the rule of law, all the opportunities

that has been denied our nation,

as a result of its discrimination,

as a result of pretty much disenfranchising

the majority of Iranians,

now it creates a true opportunity.

And as I said earlier, I think Iranians are quite gifted.

As much as it is attractive to entrepreneurs

in the outside world looking in,

There are so many gifted and talented young Iranians who will have a fair chance this time, a true chance for using all their creativity and genius to bring our country back online.

This will be an excellent, fantastic partnership that we're looking forward to.

So you've spoken about wanting to be on the ground there.

What conditions and what timeline do you have for yourself?

And this seems like a pretty high-risk thing to do.

It would be pretty brave of you to go to the country now.

what conditions have to be met for you to go to Iran, to go home for the first time in 47 years?

And how close do you think we are to the people taking the streets now and for starting this transition?

Well, to be honest, it is very difficult to put an exact timeline.

Factors that will expedite it is the level of separation from the regime, the level of defections,

the strengthening of domestic organizations and structure.

how can we partner with elements from within that are not joining this campaign?

All of these are factors that will contribute to the rapidity of the transition.

As far as myself being there, obviously, there are security concerns to make sure that it's safe enough for me to go there.

I'm no use to anyone if I'm dead.

So obviously, we have to keep that in mind.

But I would like to be able to be there as soon as possible to be able to help as much as I can in this process.

Obviously, being in a country is an advantage.

It's hard to do things from far away.

I had no choice to be living in exile because of the circumstances.

But I think that the opportunity is presenting itself.

And the first opportunity that is created for me to safely return to Iran, I will obviously be there.

Just this morning, Trump said there will be no deal in Iran until unconditional surrender is given by whatever is left of the government there.

What do you think of that condition?

Is that the right move?

Do you agree with Trump's ultimately?

Well, let me look at it from the domestic prison. In order for a successful transition to occur,

it has ultimately to be something that is legitimate in the eyes of the Iranian people. We haven't lost

so many tens of thousands of lives just to settle for a continuity of the remnants of this regime.

That will not fly. People will want to have a clean break. The alternative will be for all those

who align with the secular democratic alternative, and there are some four corporate,

principles that whoever adheres to that, including people who may today peel away from the regime,

would be able to agree to work together on that platform. The first and foremost issue is, of course,

Iran's territorial integrity. That's an issue that is very close to the hearts of millions of

Iranians representing every aspect of our diversified country in terms of ethnicities, religions, and what

have you, but we find ourselves in this united cause under one flag and under one nation.

The second element that is a prerequisite to democracy is a clear separation of religion

from state. That's a critical element for a democracy to occur.

Equality of all citizens under the law and the rule of law, obviously is a critical aspect

that guarantees all of the rights we're talking about. And the democratic process itself,

meaning the fact that people can elect their representatives to go to this constitutional assembly,

to debate the issues of what the next system could look like and what its laws should be ratified

by the people, which would bring us to the election of the first parliament of this new democracy

and, of course, the election of the first government of such democracy, at which point

the transitional government hands over power to the elected representative of the people

in the future government. That's pretty much the direction.

that we hope to manage this transition.

And I'm playing a role in bringing about this transition

with a well-crafted plan that is in detail explaining,

particularly focusing on the first 100 days.

I create an organization called IPP, which

is Iran Prosperity Project, but its first focus

is the first 100 days.

How we immediately stabilize the situation in Iran?

How can we maximize the remaining elements

that will join with us to be able to survive regime change

and have a place in the future?

These are the first components, and then we move forward with the plan.

Two quick questions.

Under no circumstances, would that be a monarchy?

I think is a question everybody has for you because you're the prince.

This is a democracy.

We don't have princes in democracies.

And then number two, what do you ideally see as your role in the transition?

And then would you like to have the opportunity to run for president

and to lead the country out of this horrific nightmare?

of 47 years. My focus is on the process, not the outcome. And as a neutral arbiter, I'm not taking

size with one form versus the other. That's for the people of Iran to choose. And I think the world

has seen successful models in both a Republican system and a monarchic system. Examples,

a republic that you have like in India or like in Israel or in France or the United States are

not exactly the same, but that's under the Republican structure. In terms of the republics,

So parliamentary monarchies, we have the example of Japan, Sweden, Spain, other countries.

So I don't think that necessarily you can equate democracy with one outcome in particular.

It could be both models that people can emulate.

So at the end of the day, you know, again, it's not for me to choose the outcome.

I'm here to be a bridge towards that outcome.

That's the function of a transitional leader, not to run for office or not to have an aim for

personal position of power or authority, but to be.

be the element that unites the country towards a common purpose and they allow the nation to decide

what is their preferred system. That's what elections and free elections should be all about.

And the ballot box is the only means to measure people's opinion and the majority will decide

on that. And that's the process that I'm envisaged to bring about.

What do you believe the people of Iran want? And in that monarchy subset, there are the Gulf

monarchies, the kingdom, UAE.

Qatar, they are obviously distinctly different than a parliamentary, you know, system.

So I assume you wouldn't want to see that.

What do you think the people of Iran will vote for?

Well, just what you said.

I mean, a democratic system clearly outlines how it should be and how it should not.

I mean, if you want to look at the closest monarchy to the United States, technically speaking, is Canada.

And if you want to look it that way, and I think Canadians are quite happy with a democracy that they enjoy.

And again, we have very good models of republic, case in point to the United States.

At the end of the day, as I said, is for the Iranian people to determine what would be in their best interests, having looked this time unlike what happened, by the way, 50 years ago.

Nobody had a clear idea what Khomeini was suggesting in terms of this Velayathe as they call it, or they,

tutelage of the supreme leader. By the time he took over and power was established, it was too

late. And since then, we've been hostages to this regime. This time in full transparency,

Iranian people ought to have a clear idea of different models presented to them. And on that basis,

having understood every aspect of what it could be, then they make their choice. This is a process

that should be totally transparent, but enough time for debating different ideas. And again,

as I said, let the democratic process unfold and let the people vote in majority. What is their

final choice? I'm not here to determine an outcome. Again, I stress my role here is to manage

this transition and create an opportunity that people have been deprived of for half a century

to finally have a say as to what they would like to have for themselves in terms of sovereignty

and determining their own future democratically. Final question. And I'll get into a bunch of

details with you, Shervin, as to the plan, which I know you're helping construct, and I'm assuming you'll

help execute on. Trump says he's going to pick the next leader. Trump says a lot of things. He says

them sometimes in a provocative way, but he said he's not sure how you would play within your own

country. There's obviously people holding up your picture. There are people who are maybe vying

to take control of this from the previous administration. Are you in touch with President Trump?

what's your relationship with him today? What's your best plea to him or your argument to him

to work with you? Look, there's nothing hidden in the agenda. Everything is transparent and I've

been communicating with the administration by Steve Whitkoff, who announced it publicly,

as far as our channel to President Trump, and of course, on the other side in the legislation

with members of Congress, senators, and Congresspeople to understand a little bit from

the American prism what it is that we are proposing here. I don't think that President Trump or any

other leader in this world would presume that it is up to them to determine who should be the next

leader in Iran. I'm sure as democracies, they respect the right for people to make that choice.

And as Western democracies, it should be going without saying that they would believe that

the right to choose the future leaders is only up to the Iranian people. If the intention is to

assist that process, if the intent is to support the Iranian people in their democratic aspiration,

you provide them with the help, but the choice should be theirs. That has been my position. And I don't

think there's a disagreement on that, whether it is with President Trump or other world leaders that I've

also talked to about this matter. As I let you go, what should the American people know about the

spirit, the culture, and the people of Iran, including the people who fled in 1979, like you and your

family. Well, I know many Americans who have many Iranian friends. As a matter of fact, if you just

look at the Iranian diaspora in the United States alone, you will see how much interaction there is

between Iranians who are now Iranian Americans, if you will, many of them, and the kind of

relationship that are built with their American counterpart. Many people have connections via

marriages. Many people have connections through business affiliations. Many people have work.

worked with Iranians, many of the high-tech companies, including Silicon Valley, employ so many

Iranians or they are themselves entrepreneurs. This is the kind of potential, and I'm sure,

Shervin, will talk to you more about that. But this is the kind of connections there is. And

for Americans that have traveled to Iran or have known Iranians all these years, they know

what country it represents, what amount of culture, arts, I mean, civilization, in a true sense,

Iranians represent. And they've been completely suffocated under this regime. But once Iran is,

you know, free from its shackles, I'm sure a lot of Americans know what difference there is

between an Iran that wants to be friends with America, that is not the regime that has,

from its inception, called death to America or death to Israel, for instance, but there are

Iranians who actually love to America. Let me just give you a last party.

thought. Because I think every now and then I need to remind your audience and other audiences.

We talked about other countries in the region. Remember 9-11?

And how many people on the streets of many of the so-called allies of the United States

were celebrating that attack on that sinister day? The only country in the entire world and the

entire region that actually stood in candlelight vigils in sympathy to the victims of the 9-11 terrorist

attacks were no other than the Iranian people themselves holding candlelight villages in Iran.

And they've been messaging America for years now. We are not your enemies. In fact, they've been

chanting slogas in Iran saying they lie to us is America. Our enemy is right here. This is

the Iran I'm talking about. This is the people I'm talking about. And I know many Americans, both in the

civilian sector, including military forces in America, know that. And I think that's something that

I'm sure I'm not the only one talking about this.

You will hear from other Iranians who will pretty much confirm what I just said.

That's why this partnership is so vital for us,

because together we'll be able to rebuild a different world.

Iran will bring an element of stability to the region and beyond,

and that can only play to the interest of America itself.

We need to have this vital partnership,

and I think we'll be able to succeed

because I see everybody now is very much committed.

to work together towards bringing this agenda forward.

We're all praying for the people of Iran to have a democracy

and what an amazing moment will be when you get to return in whatever capacity

and help this transition.

And 93 million people who have been suffering will be living free in a democracy

and the impact that could have on the world.

And obviously that region would be by far the largest democracy in the Middle East

and this could have ramifications in terms of humanity that would be absolutely stunning and beautiful

and the prosperity would be amazing.

The Iranian people I met in my life, Prince, when I was living in Los Angeles, all these great Persians I would meet were some of the most joyful and industrious, beautiful individuals I've met that remind me of my Greek and Irish heritage, including you, Shervin.

So Prince Reza, thank you so much for your time.

I know you're extremely busy.

It's very important for the All-In audience to hear from you and to understand what's going on in your vision.

And we would love to have you back when you're on the ground with your people and that your people are free.

Thank you again. Looking forward to it.

All right, Shervin. Thank you so much for setting this up.

I ask for very few favors for my friends.

But as a good friend, you made this happen for the All-In community.

So I thank you for that.

And as I said, to the Prince, the people and the Persians here in the United States,

States, maybe you can tell us a little bit about your story and what this means to you. And then we can get into your involvement here and what you hope to see in those first hundred days.

Of course. First of all, Jason, thank you for opening up this tremendous platform to the Iranian people and to the prince. As you can see, the crown prince, Rezapalavi, is a great man, the most courageous man that I've ever met. And he's the highest integrity human I've met as well. We're very blessed as a people.

to have a leader like him who has lived a very clean life and has stepped up in a very courageous

way. He's put it all on the line for his people and his legacy to play this tremendous transitional

role to evolve the Iranian nation to a democracy. And this long nightmare of 47 years

that all of my Iranian brothers and sisters have suffered through is almost a

over and also a tremendous gratitude to President Trump for his courageous leadership on this matter.

I don't think any other president would have the courage and the principle and the values to take on

this Islamic regime of terror. As you saw last month, they massacred over 43,000 Iranians who were

just peacefully protesting. They gunned them down with anti-material bullets. I put a

post of a Coca-Cola can next to these bullets.

It was bigger than a can.

This is super important to meditate on for a second here.

This regime is a murderous and evil regime to turn those guns and mow down 40,000,

over 40,000 individuals peacefully protesting is just an act of savagery and brutality that I

think most people don't appreciate or don't fully appreciate.

There hasn't been enough coverage of that fact.

And you are a bipartisan type person. I've known you for many years. You were a super funder of Obama. He wasn't able to get this done. Biden wasn't able to get this done. Bush wasn't able to get this done. This has been something that presidents have struggled with. And you've got to give Trump credit here. There's a lot of debate over why this is happening. Is it Israel driving it? Is it the relationship with China? We talked about on that in part one. At the end of the day, as a son of a

on, what matters is that the people are free. All these other conspiracy theories and motivations

do not matter to you or the people, yeah?

Absolutely not. But one of my key principles is our moral security presages our physical security.

So this has as much to do with Americans' security as it does Iranians' security and

livelihood. As you saw, this regime is not only evil enough to mow down 43,000 innocent people

in 48 hours, their reaction to this liberation operation is to attack over 12 countries in the region.

Imagine if they had a nuclear bomb. They would use it. There's not even a doubt in my mind that

they would have used it by now if they had it. So this is incredibly important for America's

national security, as the Prince mentioned, 9-11 happened. That's the same kind of ideology,

except the problem we have in our modern time is that basically criminal and terrorist organizations

have taken over sovereign nations with nuclear bombs or seeking nuclear bombs,

wherever you have Russia, China, you have North Korea, and you have Iran, and then you had Venezuela.

So the president has not only gotten rid of the Maduro in Venezuela,

he has now begun this process of dismantling this Islamic regime,

who is absolutely not a legitimate government and not a legitimate nation state.

And the only leader that is legitimate to lead us to a transition process to become a democracy

is the Crown Prince Rezapalati.

We are very lucky.

I think in our modern times to have three leaders who are living at the same time and leading at the same time as President Trump, President Netanyahu,

Prime Minister Netanyahu and the Crown Prince Rezapaliy, all in this one moment in time.

I think we're living in biblical times.

When 10-7 happened, I started the Israeli-Iranian alliance with Michael Eisenberg, Michael Bhrfine, Jessum, and Métin, Sean Rad.

and we started to host these salons with the Crown Prince.

One was in New York.

Michael Eisenberg flew in, Dan Loeb.

Lots of leaders came.

And that was the beginning of the process that was seated with a breakfast with Michael Eisenberg as a VC and the number one VC in Israel.

15 years ago where we said, we have to do more between Israeli and Jewish community and the Persian Iranian community.

And someday we're going to have tea in Tehran.

And we wrote an op-ed last year about this, and we began to build these bridges.

And this connection between the Jewish people and the Iranian people goes back 2,500 years.

Cyrus the Great, who's in the Bible, freed the Jews from slavery in Babylon,

returned them to their homeland in Jerusalem, and rebuilt their temple.

And that he is celebrated for that courageous act in the Bible and in Jewish religious.

holidays, and it is a tremendous connection that goes back now 2,500 years later in kind of

biblical symmetry, you have the Jewish people helping free the Iranian people from their slavery.

And at the same time, there is a connection between America's beginning that many people

don't know is that Thomas Jefferson was a student of Cyrus de Great who declared the first

Declaration of Human Rights.

And a lot of the principles that went into the Declaration of Human Rights, and a lot of the principles that went into the Declaration of

of independence of America and the founding of America and the Bill of Rights and the Constitution

have its roots in Cyrus the Great and Persian history. And so this connection between America's

founding and the principles that Iranians espoused for 2,500 years, is this beautiful

connection between the Jewish people, the American people and the Iranian people.

And this could have such a tremendous impact on the region. You have essentially a

democracy in Israel and now to have 93 million Iranians in a democracy. If that can be achieved,

and listen, there's a long way to go. This could spiral out of control. This was a very high risk

move by Trump, President Trump. So you give him a lot of credit for that. But he has to own this.

So let's be humble and we've got to pray for the best here. Things can spiral out of control in

these kind of situations. But let's hope that we do get to democracy there. I'm curious.

Shervin, you've spent a lot of time in the Middle East. I have over the last three years

gotten myself educated and caught up, I hope, and have started doing business there and really

meeting a larger swath of people. The Gulf monarchies have modernized incredibly, starting

with the UAE, Saudi now, the kingdom, and of course Qatar as well, modernizing Oman, Kuwait.

What would Iran going straight to a democracy, if that is even possible, what would that do to the

region in your mind? I think that everything, what the Gulf countries have done is a tremendous

case study of what the potential for the Middle East truly is. Being blessed by God to have oil,

gas, the way the most GCC countries have and Iran also has, gives them an advantage to be able to

have the resources independently to develop themselves. And when you look at what happened in

UAE over the last 25 years. I went to UAE in 2001, 2002, and there was a smattering of buildings there.

Yeah, I've seen the pictures of Dubai then and now. It's incredible. It's incredible. And it reminds me of

what America was like in the 1950s. When they came back from World War II, Eisenhower built

the interstate highway system, and America developed into this superpower. And in many ways,

the GCC countries espoused that American mentality of everything is possible.

Anything is possible.

And they've manifested their greatness.

And you look at Iran, you have 93 million, unbelievably brilliant people who have been held back.

You look at the Iranian diaspora in America.

Just our fellow friends who you know, Dara, myself at Uber, of course, Omead Kortostani at Google.

Yes.

Allie at Databricks, you know, Pierre Olmeidra at eBay.

When you add up the numbers, it gets the trillions of dollars of value

have been created by this small population of Iranians in America,

especially in Silicon Valley.

And I've been blessed to be part of that circle.

And, you know, one, thank God for America,

that we had a safe sanctuary to come and develop our brilliance.

But there are as many, as many brilliant Iranians,

way more brilliant Iranian.

Yeah, on a numbers basis, it's a magnitude more.

And so this will be a free Democratic Iran will be the greatest peace dividend and economic

dividend to be gifted to the world and to the region.

So I think what will happen is we will have an acceleration of the Middle East becoming

this unbelievable place where innovation and investment in the future is happening.

We're at the dawn of AGI and advanced superintelligence.

We have quantum computing, which you and I, you know, and Emil,

Michael and others have done with our SPAC and D-Wave,

these technologies are going to fast forward humanity

and being able to tap into the resources of the Middle East and Iran

in human capital and in oil and gas wealth to be able to unleash an accelerated future

is something that we all look forward to.

And one of the things the team, the Crown Prince's vision,

This is a 175 page report right here, the Iran Prosperity Project.

And I'm blessed to be an advisor there with many other very talented Iranians.

And this piece by piece, month by month, has a sequence of plans to rebuild Iran, as the

Crown Prince was talking about, so that when there is a free Iran, there will be a four-month

process to get to a referendum.

and then a six-month process to assemble Iranians to write a constitution,

and then a 14-month process to actually finalize the constitution,

and then have a vote on the constitution.

So you'll have a sequence of events that will then lead to a legal framework

where the new Iran will be able to actually execute on this tremendous plan,

and rebuild all aspects and all sectors of the economy. And that'll lead to, you know,

this new Iran that we all have been dreaming and praying for. And so this plan's been worked on for

some time. He seems like he's got, you know, a third or so of the constituents there who are in favor

him. There are some people who are strongly opposed. Last time, his father was not perfect.

He's answered many of the hard questions about his father's tenure. Where are the chances

that the existing regime, what's left of it, there are people in that who would collaborate

on moving to a democracy where specifically religion and the government were separated.

This was something MBS was able to do in Saudi, but not without strong resistance and great

risk to himself.

This is a high-risk thing, you know, with some of these radicalized individuals who want

religion to rule over democracy.

So maybe you can unpack that a bit.

Absolutely.

The vast majority of Iranians want a separation of church and state, of Moskin state.

And we've seen what 47.

We've had an AB test in Silicon Valley speak of what happens when you have a system that is controlled by Mullahs.

It has led to absolute disaster and mayhem and evil.

And so the vast majority.

are out there and they're saying Reza Palavi's name. If you look at the videos from January,

they're saying Javid Shah, they're saying his name to return. He called on them to come in the streets

at 8pm on the 8th and 9th. And they came out in droves and by the millions in response to him.

So the idea that we don't know who the Iranian people want to help lead this transition process,

the proof is in the putting. You just have to look at the videos and look at the actual facts.

He's the only leader that Iranians are by name calling out for it to come back.

And they're also calling for Trump and Netanyahu to please help save them from this, you know, terror regime.

And as we've seen in the last week, their prayers have been answered in a tremendous way.

And what is going to happen is basically a dismantling and a defanguing of this regime's capabilities to use terror,

to use their military capabilities.

And we have to let that run its course.

As the president said, this is probably about four weeks of work.

There was a leak, I think, in the Washington Post today,

that the 82nd Airborne was activated.

And that's a signal that this is going to potentially lead to even more support

in this liberation operation,

to completely dismantle this regime.

Defections are a big part of the strategy.

Have the defection started yet, or is that too risky for the individuals on the ground?

What are you hearing through your back generals?

Well, the Crown Prince had a system for people to communicate securely with him and his team,

and over 50,000 people in the military have actually responded to that.

You saw some defections that went viral.

during the protests and before the protests of different military members.

We expected that as the dismantling process continues.

And many of the, as you saw, the top leadership of the IRGC was eradicated in the first 24 hours.

The Supreme Leader Hominy was just an absolutely evil man was gone in the first 60 seconds.

He spent 47 years threatening the world.

He lasted 60 seconds.

And that's going to continue.

And so I think it's going to be a very rational thing for the rest of who remains to realize that if they don't actually have a complete surrender and capitulate, and for the ones that haven't actually executed the orders of genocide against the Iranian people, there will be an opportunity for people to actually be a part of the Reformation and the Reconstruction.

of Iran, the plan actually says even people in the military will be able to, one, either have

early retirement for the ones that didn't actually execute those acts of terror against the Iranian

people. And then others who are talented and have the ability to serve and want to serve,

they'll also be able to show up at work and continue to get paid and have some role

wherever in the military and the government.

So this isn't going to be a hunting down of people.

The hunting down is happening right now.

There'll be a process of peace and reconstruction and rehabilitation that'll happen.

And we're going to also need to have a lot of specialists to come in and help people with the trauma that they've been through.

Sure.

47 years.

This is to be a multi-threaded.

Multi-generation trauma, yeah.

multigenerational, yes.

Tell me about the Kurds being backed from Saad and the CIA are backing reportedly militias in the West,

and that's going to play a role, yeah.

I think we have to be very, very careful because a red line for the Iranian people is we have

existed as a country for 5,000 years, as a people for 5,000 years.

wherever invaders came in or out.

We always outlasted our invaders.

These people who have taken over for 47 years were occupiers.

They weren't really truly Iranians.

They were occupiers of this country.

And they'll be booted just like Genghis Khan and everyone else who came into Iran were booted.

And so it's very important.

If there's any kind of separatist movement, we will lose the goodwill and the support of millions

and millions of Iranians.

And so it has to be one country.

It has to be one country.

The territorial integrity of Iran must be protected.

That's a red line for the Kran Pritz.

It's a red line for the Iranian people.

And so that's incredibly important to project that.

Wherever there's collaborations that can happen to be able to work together, to fight

for the deliberation to be completed.

and for a march on to Tehran and the Crown Prince being able to come back to lead this transition and

physically come back to his homeland.

You imagine that after 47 years of being away from his nation, me being away from my...

You've never been able to go back or have you snuck in and visited?

I haven't been back for, you know, I let, basically I was born in 1976.

My dad, the last Shaw was sending a lot of the top brilliant people on scholarships around the world.

the Iranian community in graduate school and universities was the largest population in 1970s.

He was educating this whole class of people, and we were going back to rebuild and build Iran into this great nature.

We're at the cusp of greatness.

So my father came to Washington, D.C., where I am right now, and I grew up here on 16th Street in Washington,

and he got his master's degree at Catholic University, 1976,

and 1978.

And I remember when we first came, it was a bicentennial of America.

Yeah, 1950th anniversary.

And so we returned to Iran in 1978, right before the revolution, really bad timing.

And my dad had been promoted to head of radio intelligence for the Shah.

And this all happened.

The revolution happened.

Khomeini was coming back.

And my dad made the courageous decision to help the U.S.

embassy, get radio communications devices to them, do foreign language broadcast to tell foreigners

in Iran how to get out of the country.

This was from the different embassies.

And Khomeini and Khomeini put my father, Abraham, on the execution list.

So he went into hiding for 10 months.

I didn't see my dad for 10 months.

And in kind of a kismid moment, as someone he helped get a job in radio intelligence,

came to our home and said to my mom, I want to help.

And she didn't trust him and said, I don't know where he is, but she checked with my dad.

And they came back. My dad said, no, you can trust him. And that guy was the new head of security for the Merdabad Airport in Tehran. And he personally met my father. And I remember this moment I woke up to my brother crying. And my dad was at the door after 10 months to say goodbye because he didn't know if he was going to survive. And he went to the airport, met his friend. And he walked him onto the airframe.

flight and, you know, crying, he flew out and came to America. And the people he had helped

him get his papers and everything in order. And then we were stuck in Iran for two years. Saddam invaded.

Bombs were falling on us every night and the seconds were going off. So then we escaped with my mom and

my brother and sister came to America with $35. My dad was driving a taxi while getting his PhD.

A great paradox.

My mom was like, yeah, I did Uber.

It actually helped me win the Uber deal.

That was one of the things

in my first meeting with Jason,

with Travis.

I told him that story.

And I know that like growing up in an orange and black taxi cab

in Washington,

D.C. helped me win the Uber deal

against all the greats in venture.

Yeah.

You know, it's all a full circle.

Only in America would that be possible.

You know, the son of a taxi driver and a maid,

you know, coming to America.

with nothing, be able to have the blessing of the life that we've had.

Fantastic.

I've never forgotten those roots.

I've tried to serve America.

And I'm now helping in any way that I can to help the crown prince in this transition process for a free Iran and rebuild Iran into something great.

So make a...

What's extraordinary to me about the Iranian people is they have...

maintained even under this oppression, that spirit.

47 years later, I don't know if you've ever seen the Anthony Bourdain, you know, episode

when he goes there.

And it was always touched me.

I don't know, this was like a decade ago when he did it.

And he said, I can't believe it.

These people are Americans.

They're eating Pizza Hut.

They're listening to music.

They're having some beers on their back porch.

They're dancing.

They are on VPN's, you know, understanding culture and what's going on around the world.

even under the oppression, women, gays, everybody in between, they're suffering and they're still

have that joy of life that every Persian I've ever met will stay with you like the Greeks or

the Irish and they will close the restaurant. They will talk and the restaurant closes the door.

The owner of the restaurant sits down and you just talk for another hour. Some of the most

beautiful people I've ever met. And it's just, I'm so glad that you are engaged in this very

much appreciate you bringing the prince here today we understand the soul of the

Iranian and that is it's that we're the we love to host our friends on the source

and uh and uh and uh you know but there truly are as american as you can be uh we love our

freedom uh we've suffered for so long uh and we're so thankful for uh president

Trump having having the courage to take on this evil regime and we look forward to

uh hosting all in pod in Tehran

That would be

sooner than later.

One of the great bucket lists of my life

to be able to go to Tehran

and host the podcast there

and have tea with you in Toronto.

Let's put it on the schedule.

You're from today.

Best food in the world.

I can't wait.

What's the signature for you?

What's the signature dish?

What's your favorite?

Everyone loves the Persian kebabs, right?

But the kebabs in Iran

are something else.

It's a tremendous,

this, you know, food culture.

Yeah.

And the national dish is called Ormahabzi, which is a stew of lamb.

And my mom was like the greatest Persian cook in the world.

And she would cook it for three days.

And these foods, I can't wait to break bread with you in a free room.

It'll be a...

Yeah.

I mean, that's one of the things, the Greeks and the Iranian share is that love of lamb.

Oh, cannot wait.

All right, my brother.

Thank you. I'm so glad you're engaged in this. Gives me hope. And good luck in the next three, four, five weeks. Let's hope and pray for the best.

Thank you. To the all-in audience, we'll see you next time. Bye-bye.

Rain Man, David Sack.

Gorset to the fans, and they've just gone crazy with it.

Love you, Ski. Queen of Kinnell. We'll just get a room and just have one big huge sexual tension, but they just need to release them out.