=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: TBPN ===
Titel: TBPN Live - Crypto Going "Bunker Mode", The Mathpocalypse, Starbucks Explores Chipotle Takeover | Rebecca Kaden & Michael Mignano, Nathan Benaich, Michael Sindicich & Healey Cypher, Moritz Stephan, Anastasios Angelopoulos, Zach Yadegari
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/tbpn-live/crypto-going-bunker-mode-the-mathpocalypse-starbucks-explores-chipotle-takeover-rebecca-kaden-michael-mignano-nathan-benaich-michael-sindicich-healey-cypher-moritz-stephan-anastasios-angelopoulos-zach-yadegari
Datum: 2026-10-09
Länge: ~137k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

We are live from the TBPN Ultradome, the Temple of Technology, the Fortress, the Finance, the capital of capital.

Time is money.

Save both.

Easy use corporate cards.

Bill pay, accounting, and a whole lot more all in one place.

How many days until Christmas?

I have a better question.

How many hours?

Oh, we're counting down the hours now.

Christmas.

Okay.

There are 1,862 hours until Christmas.

Get ready, folks.

Yep, that's right.

We've moved from days until hours.

That's how close we are.

It is October.

We're just hours away.

It is early October.

We're hours away from Christmas.

We are technically hours away from Christmas.

That's correct, yes.

Anyway.

We're only 1,800 hours away from Christmas.

Yeah.

It's the apocalypse day.

There's so many apocalypses.

Mathpocalypse, there's a crypto apocalypse going on.

Although the market is reacting in a very moderate way,

but the timeline is being dramatic, so we've got to break that down.

Ethereum founder, Vitalik Buterin, and others in crypto are sounding the alarm that AI-driven

could threaten blockchain security.

And so, crypto's going bunker mode.

the term that they're using.

So we've all seen the progress in AI-driven math,

solving new proof, solving Navier Stokes.

There's a lot of impressive progress in math

that maybe has applications in physics,

maybe has applications in engineering, fluid dynamics.

A lot of these things are further out.

And if they wind up being useful, they might

increase efficiency here or there.

Not as far out as you think.

But the big thing is that crypto is here today, and if there's an advance in the underlying

understanding of how cryptography works, it could really shake, you could really shake up

how the crypto industry works and how these products are secured.

So are they in danger?

It's the Ralph Wigo meme, I think.

I'm in danger, seeing all this.

Matthew Green, who teaches cryptography at John Hopkins,

John's Hopkins put the situation in Stark Relief, he said,

I think we might lose public key cryptography,

which is a huge statement from an expert in cryptography.

It would require a pretty massive restructuring of many security protocols,

but also the crypto industry.

At the moment,

cryptography as a discipline has been exempted from the list of published papers related to AI-enabled

math breakthroughs. So there were hundreds of papers, and it's very clear that either the

agent swarms that were sent to go solve math problems, they said, hey, don't even bother

with any cryptography stuff, or if they did, they didn't publish those, and they're burying them

for now until there's a way to actually patch those.

Or maybe the cryptography is just too strong.

That's true.

That's a third option.

The crypto industry is a little skeptical about it.

They think, there might be some flaws.

Of course, they've been preparing for things like this before.

Quantum computing is potentially existential to many blockchains.

And so there has been the concept of Q-Day and how they work backwards from that to make sure that they are quantum-resistant.

Yeah, the interesting thing is, like, historically when the crypto industry has faced, you know,

The strategy has been hoddle.

Hodel.

And that's not necessarily going to be effective for this next chapter.

That's true.

Yeah, that's a good twist.

Of course, there are very weird dynamics where if you break all the Bitcoin keys and all the wallets

wide open and you completely erode all the trust that's been built up in that virtual currency,

yeah, you stole it all, but it's worth nothing.

And so the game theory there of no one would ever want to steal all the Bitcoin, right?

So it's more like, can someone go after Long Tail?

I'm sure there's some people that would do it just for the wild game.

Just to watch the world burn, Joker mode?

Yeah, that's probably possible.

We could be seeing a joker-fied.

Oh, you have the joker, ready to go.

Yeah, a joker-fied AI agent swarm would be a bad situation.

Yeah, for sure.

But there is some cause for optimism, much like the broader cybersecurity scare that happened back in March of this year, there's a gap between close source and open source models.

Most people say it's around six months.

The capabilities catch up in certain areas.

It seems like it's faster.

Sometimes it's three months, but six months is sort of a useful heuristic I have found.

And that actually maps out pretty perfectly with the most recent news.

So if you remember, Mythos Preview was dropped by Anthropic on April 7, 26.

It's the fourth month of the year.

And then CrowdStrike announced that a 26-year-old in China used a open-source Chinese-developed AI agent

to execute cyber attacks against South Korean banks on October 7th.

the same, I think the report came out October 7th. So it's basically just exactly six months later.

You see like an open source model be used in a cyber attack. Now, fortunately, the banks have, you know,

a ton of redundancies, the ability to roll back transactions. They store things to tape.

They store things on paper sometimes. There's a lot of different ways to secure a traditional bank

that is not purely digital, even though they might have a digital front end, and a lot of the money

might be stored digitally. And the interesting thing is that when I read at least about one of the

South Korean Bank cybersecurity incidents, it was a pretty small amount of user data that was stored.

It was like names and addresses and like phone numbers of like, it was a significant number.

It was like tens of thousands of clients or something like that. But it wasn't like they

robbed the bank and they got the money or they got everyone. Somehow they got into like one system

for information. So it could have been like they hacked into like their paperless post account.

That was like what the bank used to send out invites to clients or something like that.

Like there are a whole bunch of different systems and where at what level did they get in is

important. But it's clearly happening.

They got into the client gifting software.

Potentially. Everyone chocolates. Maybe. Maybe. And so obviously you don't want hackers

anywhere. And so cybersecurity is more important than ever. And so the crypto community does have,

you know, a couple months to go bunker mode as they are putting it. And it feels like there'll be

an incredible amount of progress on these like AI proofing systems. But it's an entirely new challenge.

It's very, it's less, much less understood than quantum computing, which has been theorized

mathematically and sort of formalized for years before the capability came.

This is different because we're getting this capability before we've really characterized the shape of the threat.

Like, they know with quantum, like there's something called Shores algorithm, and like they got to fix that.

So they got to make sure that Shores algorithm doesn't work to break Bitcoin while it's open.

They know the mathematical problem.

They got to solve that.

In this scenario, it's like there might be a different algorithm that runs on commodity hardware that works.

And how do you know when you don't know the shape?

of the threat that's coming. So it's a crypto apocalypse potentially, but the market doesn't think it is.

Bitcoin's only down 3% today, and it's still up 3% for the month. And so the market is, you know,

digesting this and optimistic. There's still, you know, lots to do if you work in crypto.

And potentially, even if you only own some crypto, there's things to do. Vitalik gave some recommendations on, you know, don't pay

but also maybe start thinking about this more intently.

He said, I don't recommend anyone scramble to move their funds to new wallets today,

but we should take the risks of cryptography from AI-accelerated math seriously

and minimize our exposure to not just quantum vulnerable cryptography,

but also AI vulnerable cryptography.

The new core area of risk from this viewpoint is, unfortunately, MLDSA, FHA, lattices.

And this is also another reason, along with quantum Y-E-C-D-S-A might fall even faster than expected,

hence the fresh address recommendation.

So far, most people have been in the mode of thinking elliptic curves, broken, hashes safe,

lattice is safe, but there's a good chance that in the concrete security of lattices

will take serious hits from the next two years of AI math.

And so some people were posting Scott Liu here was saying, oh, that's weird.

The AI math god is somehow no better cryptography than a 2026 human.

We got super intelligence in math, but not cryptography.

What's going on?

He thought for a minute.

And I think the interpretation of this, and you can tell me if you disagree, is yeah, it's because the AI math god is run by a American company.

that has no interest in destroying the point.

In like total chaos.

Yeah.

But in the open source world, it's a very different game.

Yeah.

And so still interesting thing about the,

still interesting to think about the game theory,

even in the open source world.

But I think that will all be downstream of a whole bunch of changes.

And then there is the question of, you know,

how does crypto handle this?

Like the cryptocurrency industry has been,

libertarian. They've been

against the government in many ways.

Small government. I want to own

the money. Well, now you're

facing a threat from

open source, from a

non-government regulated entity.

And so while a lot of people

in the AI safety community have said

this is the moment for big government. This is the moment

to register large clusters.

This is the moment to track all the data centers.

To have licenses for

inference and training and

reporting to the government. That is,

a solution. Like, if you lock down open source and you say, yeah, you, like, if you're going to

spin up a million agents and try and do a bunch of inference to try and break Bitcoin wallets,

like, we're going to find out about it. We're going to arrest you. And it doesn't matter

that you're using an open-shund model. That's a very different psychological frame of mind

for a Bitcoiner. Yeah. The other thing here is that there's obviously bio-risk with model

advancements, but it is going to be wildly different for somebody to use an obliterated model

to try to create a bioweapon and then actually sort of distribute that out into the world

than like using a new model to try to like mess around with cryptography.

Yeah.

That feels squarely in the hacker camp.

Totally.

Like there's people that would just be kind of messing around and then accidentally

have a breakthrough or accidentally or maybe intentionally cause financial chaos.

But that's purely digital.

And that's the kind of thing that millions of people have been doing for a very long time.

Just generally kind of hacking around, wildly different than the kind of person who would go out and try to create a new pandemic.

Yeah.

And then also, yeah, and then also another layer of this will feed into like the whole AI doom loss of control scenario.

because you get an AI agent that's hyper-intelligent,

and it's also able to break Bitcoin wallets.

It breaks a couple open.

Then it has capital.

With capital, it can marshal more compute,

hire people to do things in the real world,

et cetera, et cetera.

And so the doom scenario becomes, like,

way more human-enabled

if you are able to amass capital pretty quickly as a rogue agent.

Do you have a take on this, Tyler?

Yeah, I mean, I feel like the crypto industry broadly,

is like fairly good at self-governance, right?

You've seen like, even if you're talking about like Bitcoin, you know,

there's like, they can actually like change the protocol.

You know, you like Bitcoin Cash, which is the shoot-off, stuff like this.

Yeah.

I think that Bitcoin Policy Institute, like, I don't know,

maybe a month or two ago had this open letter about how, you know,

the solution is we've got to build up defenses much more

and we've got to use, you know, spend a lot on inference

to try to like figure out what is the right path moving forward.

I think most people are very against, like,

limiting open source models, stuff like that.

Totally, yeah.

It'll be interesting to see how these worlds collide and where things go.

Codex is a powerful workspace for getting work done with AI agents.

Whether you're writing code, analyzing data, creating content, or automating business workflows,

codex helps you move projects forward from start to finish.

Thank you for the continued clapping.

Ben, I don't know if you include this earlier, but he says,

but he says lucky coincidence the labs are only successfully cracking esoteric math problems and not the problems where a solution would give the winner an asymmetric commercial advantage again this is what I've said a bunch of times on the show now math problems are the perfect category of problems where you get a result and you're you know incentivized and excited to share the result there's no immediate opportunity to commercialize a lot of the a lot of this stuff yep and so for every for every breakthrough in math

you should assume there's and the reason this should be getting everyone excited is you should assume there's a bunch of other breakthroughs in other fields

Yeah, that have more commercial applications where the person that has and and it's not just the labs

It's people using the current frontier models to find breakthroughs in their own field and so I'm ex again, I'm expecting a you know a real explosion of progress

You know, especially as we enter the later half of this year. Yeah, or the or the sort of

Last of the end of the year.

I believe Will DePue posted about this.

That's what I was thinking of.

Will DePue posted, I think there was like a slight Bitcoin sell-off like a while ago,

like maybe around the mid-summer time period.

And he sort of took a victory lap or something.

It was like saying like, yeah, in hindsight, once we, once like the AI community built

like the hack machine 9,000, it should have been obvious that you should get out of crypto.

And then what was odd was that crypto rallied after that.

So, like, he was kind of a little bit too early with the take.

But now it feels like, okay, everyone's pieced it together a little bit more.

But also, there's so many other factors where you could see this narrative dying down.

And all of a sudden there's some other narrative that's driving crypto and people are piling in for whatever reason.

But it was, yeah, maybe like, you know, even in a, even it's been, you know,

pitched as an inflation hedge. There's always been people who have said the restricted supply is valuable.

You could have a view on inflation that becomes really popular and then all of a sudden people are piling in.

There's a whole bunch of reasons why the market can move. It's not purely driven by this.

But it was funny that he was posting about this like months ago.

Anyway, moving on, console.com.

Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of ITHR and finance support, giving employees instant resolution for access requests

in past three seconds.

So OpenAI's

drop of hundreds of new

mathematical proofs is now

being called the Mathpocalypse.

There's some white pills, there's some black

pills. People are all over the place.

Obviously, we talked about the crypto

knock-on effects.

Nabil Kreshi says,

mathematicians, AI is plagiarism, and we don't

want to know the answers anyway.

Artists, AI is plagiarism,

and the art sucks anyway.

Chess players. Hmm, I wonder if I

can use AI to increase my rating.

Because there are some people that are just

delightful with,

delighted with advances and not really

frustrated by it.

There's actually a...

Yeah, how do you prevent against like botting

in online chess?

Like, couldn't you, can't you just be, like,

running your own?

Like, like, I don't know.

And I'm comparing that to, like, let's say somebody

using like a name bot in the version of a computer.

No, I mean, bots are like undetectives.

Like all the bots can like one shot captures and fake.

But not even that, but basically just running like an AI co-pilot.

Yeah, no, you can definitely do that.

So unless you're playing chess physically in front of somebody and watching them, you know.

Yeah.

And then what do you think?

Well, I mean, if you're like, Elo is like 800 and then you start making like, you know,

2,000 rated moves, like it's pretty easy to tell that stuff.

Yeah.

It's like, I think like if you're on chess.com or whatever, it's like, I think it's fairly

hard to cheat. Hard to cheat or people just don't cheat because it's like what's the point? And like,

it's like, okay, yeah, I played against somebody who was like smurfing and they had an 800

Elo account, but they were clearly playing at 2000 Elo. Like, okay, I lost that game. Let me queue again.

Okay, I got someone who's actually 800. And I'll just keep playing until I get someone who's actually

my game. Yeah, that's probably true. And maybe there's people.

using like an engine, it's like, I think it's not that hard to figure that out.

Yes, but like, this is going to change.

Like, because like the models will be so good.

It's over.

I mean, the models will be so good that you'll be able to say, like, I'm, I'm, I'm,

Elo 800, help me play at 850, and also really mimic the human experience.

So don't make, don't act like model.

There's like little incentive to actually cheat on chess.com.

Yeah, I, yeah.

Yeah, I think there's not.

Gold says you can tell if they're bots if they statistically always or nearly always make the optimal

Yeah, exactly.

Like, there's no fun.

And you can always just go play against the best stockfish model if you want.

Like, you can just max it out if you just want to play against the best computer in the world.

Nobody does.

And so there's not that much value in it because everyone would just be like, cool, yeah, you just ran the model that everyone else has.

Like, do you want to play against me or not?

Like, if you want to just be the model, just go.

And you don't win anything.

there's not any incentive, I think.

I think that's how it works out.

I don't know.

I do think, yeah, I mean, in the future, like, you will be able to...

I mean, you and the gym have been accused of using, you know, robotic-assisted lifts, right?

You'll wear, like, big sweatpants and you're on the deadlift.

Can you imagine having...

And you have the, you know, your exoskeleton, you know, putting up, you know, 800-pound deadlifts.

I mean, people, you know, know, you're strong, but not that strong.

They're skeptical.

Yeah, I don't know if you'd get a lot out of that.

You could bring fake weights.

That's one way.

I mean, people will do stuff.

But then why not just Photoshop it?

Why not just go and Photoshop a screenshot of you on your profile on chess.com with a 4,000 ELO?

And then share that on X and be like, I'm the best chess player ever.

But if someone fact checks it, then you just look like Nate.

Yeah.

And so eventually you have to get down to like fact check by walking through a metal to that.

and going to an actual chess match because like, oh, you're really better than Magnus?

Let's see if you're better in person.

You know, that will, that's what will happen.

And so there's like, like, you're going to wind up.

You're going to be wind up in the, in the, in the Faraday cage with Magnus eventually.

I don't know.

Shopify is the commerce platform that grows with your business.

And let's yourself.

Inzegas, online, in sort, on mobile, on social, on marketplace, and now with AI agents.

There's a very interesting post in the, you know, there's a very interesting post in the,

in the Wall Street Journal about a former NFL lineman who solved a decades-old math problem.

John Urchall gave up his career with the Baltimore Ravens to study math at MIT.

And he has...

Get this guy on immediately.

He's so jacked.

It looks like, yeah, he's definitely doesn't need the exoskeleton in the gym.

He's a former NFL player, John Urchel, decided to do some light reading this week.

And for him, that meant.

leafing through the latest math papers from Open AI about topics such as the Riemann hypothesis.

Oh my lord, he thought, I was absolutely floored.

Good rhyming.

Ershel was blown away by the findings because he happened to understand the hundreds of proofs

better than nearly any human on the planet.

Nine years ago, he traded the National Football League for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Crazy that you can take, like, the NFL has got to be an incredibly demanding

schedule. Like you can take like thousands of hours off of your like math career and then like go back

in the game and not be. Well, not to mention getting just slammed in the head for that.

Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. They want you to believe in CTE. Counter example. Make it make sense.

One of one sample counter. No, he's possible. He's actually the smartest person to have ever

walked the earth. So even after getting. Yeah. Or it could be reverse. You get hit in that.

head and it like makes you even more of a genius or something. Yeah, it unstuck something. Yeah,

sort of like a, like a logical realism. Tyler, is this going to make you get into

watching football? Yeah, maybe you should play some, maybe you should play some full contact

tackle football might make you better at math. You never know. Uh, Urshel was blown away by

the discoveries and Monday, instead of studying abstract play designs, he was publishing some

impenetrable language of his own to prove a decades-old math conjecture.

Urshel's paper titled On the Growth Factor of Random Matrices is one of a deluge of

AI-assisted proofs that mathematicians have achieved in this new era when they can combine

their genius with supercomputing power.

But within this community of Brainiacs, there isn't a single person quite like the 35-year-old

Urshel. After three years

at the Baltimore Ravens, the offensive

lineman, who is listed at 6'3,

313 pounds,

ditched his helmet and became a professional

egghead in 2017. He hasn't

regretted for a moment. He says, I feel like

I bet on myself in a big way.

I'm living my best life right now.

You'll love to see it. Long before

Urshel became an assistant professor at MIT

studying matrices, spectral graph theory,

and other subjects that sound like gibberish

to just about everybody.

shots fired by the journal.

But I agree.

He was an overachieving kid

attending Penn State while playing for the

Nittney Lions. He did more than

pursue an ambitious major by studying math

and win, and he won the prize

known as the academic Heisman. By the time

the Ravens drafted him in 2014, he already had

earned his master's. But a year

after protecting Joe Flacco,

Ershel started to miss his life-crunching

numbers. While he felt his

analytical background was useful to him as a

football player, for instance, it's a

He says it helped him learn the playbook.

It didn't quite scratch his intellectual itch.

That's when he decided to apply to become a doctoral student at MIT,

the school he had always dreamed of attending.

He became moonlighting there in 2016.

And so...

I know what this is all setting up.

What is this?

He is going to star in the next Terminator movie.

Ooh.

Football player math genius fights back against...

Triple threat.

Yeah, this is exactly what we need.

Yeah, I would love.

love to see it. I mean, you would hate to be a clanker with this guy walking you down.

For sure. But he seems to be, he seems to be a friend of the clankers because he has actually

been using AI to assist him in his research. So his acknowledgments in the paper that he published

cites the help of open AI models and says that he welcomes any question about the role of AI,

which is upending his entire field. He says, but supercomputers haven't dented the passion that this

football player turned mathematician has for math. He compares it to his enjoyment of chess.

He also likes chess. The computers are better than the humans. Yet he still enjoys the pursuit of

finding the right move. I really want to understand the why of things, Urchal says. It doesn't ruin the

why. AI doesn't ruin the why. That's a very interesting thing. And I feel like, I mean, just in knowledge

retrieval over the past three years, I have felt that. Like, like, I know a lot of obscure factoids about

Silicon Valley lore, you know? But when Chad GPT came out, I wasn't like, oh, no, like,

the computer knows more about Silicon Valley history than me. They're like, oh, no, like, the computer

knows more about the, you know, the random companies and how they got found. You're basically one of the

top guys in your field.

I did spend like five years making YouTube documentaries about these companies and trying to learn a lot and like piecing it all together.

And like chat Chhabiti can do that.

But like it's been such a benefit because I want to know.

So I'm looking up stuff all the time.

And I'm like, I want to go on the journey.

I want to gain that information.

And it gives that to me.

It's weird.

Very, very weird.

We benefit from having knowledge and understanding within us.

Like it's nice to go through life.

Yeah.

And be able to understand things.

in real time versus reaching just because you have complete access to all the information

you need.

Yeah.

Yeah, I mean, there's still obviously the jobs question.

How do you monetize that if your job was just solving math problems or your job was just,

you know, assembling, you know, sloppy research reports?

You might be going through a process now.

But I don't know.

I'm still optimistic.

still, I still feel like we're going to be hearing from this gentleman, John Herschel, for a very

long time.

Yeah.

Maybe he's like, you know what?

I'm going back to, I'm going back to football.

Math has solved.

Going back to football.

Yeah, when, when, I wonder when he actually gave comment for this article.

This was like yesterday.

Oh, okay.

I mean, this literally posted today at 8 a.m.

So I imagine that he was on the phone with the Wall Street Journal over the past like two days.

Because it's a pretty detailed profile.

We should get him on the show.

I'd be fascinated to hear about what he thinks.

Yeah, I mean, I think people will be continuing to study this stuff for a long time

and learning it to apply it for themselves.

Anyway, creatine cycles meming it.

He says, Open AI, we literally solve math.

Him, he says, nice one.

Now, please use the Door Dash CLI to order me some orange chicken.

Speaking of ordering food, Starbucks is thinking about,

buying Chipotle or they thought about buying Chipotle. The headline is Starbucks has explored

taking over Chipotle according to a Financial Times report. This is a scoop in the financial

times. Let's see, they've explored merging the two companies in a mega deal. It would be a

$41 billion market value for the burrito chain and it would rank as the largest restaurant

acquisition of all time. So the world's leading coffee shop chain has worked

with advisors in recent months on a takeover proposal for Chipotle, which I believe had McDonald's

as an anchor investor a long time ago.

I don't know how divested they are at this point, but it's interesting to see that they're

finding another dance partner.

A burrito chain with a $41 billion market cap.

The status of Starbucks's takeover plans and whether the company has submitted any formal

offers to Chipotle could not be determined.

A transformative deal of this size might struggle to get off the ground.

warned and a tie-up may never materialize given the complexity of combining two consumer giants.

The early stage plans would also reunite Brian Nichols, Starbucks chief executive with the fast food

chain where he made his name over six years to stand as a CEO. So he was, he left Chipotle,

August 2024, went over to Starbucks from Chipotle. Chipotle has lost half of its value in that time.

So he was, you know, performing well there, but maybe it's an opportunity to put them together.

the combined market cap would be like $102 billion.

It's also just what the fast casual had been on a crazy run across the board.

So I don't think it was him leaving that caused the decline.

But he clearly loves the brand.

Man, it is so crazy to think about there was a time in my life where I was actually averaging one visit to Chipotle every day.

Every day.

You know, some days I wouldn't go, but other days I'd go twice.

Have you ever daily driven Starbucks?

And now I'm not even averaging once a year.

Whoa.

Yeah, just moved on.

What about Starbucks?

Have you ever been a Starbucks guy?

Nah, so, so, so bad.

You don't like Charbucks?

That's the whole thing.

Starbucks, the coffee is like burnt often.

Or like it's a little bit more towards burnt.

So they call it Charbucks.

But it's, I think it's because people at the time liked it.

So that was more popular.

and then they add so many things on top with like caramel and whipped cream that like you can offset the the harshness of the raw black coffee ingredient.

We got mosquitoes on the set.

You lock in.

Get the, get the fly swatter.

No.

Do some damage.

I'm shooing it away.

Mike Isaac says,

co-worker who clocks in to work carrying a venty whole milk quad latte in a double steak burrito bowl and head straight to the bathroom.

Lots of jokes like that.

PepsiCo says some really bad things.

Joe Weisandall shared.

PepsiCo CEO, we don't feel good about the beverage business.

PepsiCo CEO, we're putting all the urgency to improve sodas.

Should they add alcohol to the sodas?

Topochiko, the sparkling water brand, created an alcoholic seltzer.

Do you think there should be Pepsi?

Pepsi Zero.

at Pepsi? Pepsi Max? Pepsi spiked. What do you think?

I think they should be optimizing for Pepsi Pro Max Ultra.

Pro Max Ultra. Yeah. It is interesting that, you know,

Coca-Cola never did like a rum and Coke. You could just do that if you were trying to just

skew Max and get the most number of stockkeeping units around. Yeah. I don't know.

They should make a, the pro max ultra should be like a magnum size.

bottle of soda.

That's where things are headed.

Railway is the all-in-one intelligent cloud provider.

Use your favorite agent to deploy web app, service, day basis,

more while Railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring, and security.

The last apocalypse, the ARR apocalypse.

Or no, this is the third of four apocalypses.

We got a housing apocalypse coming up.

But Open AI reports revenues differently than Anthropic,

And so there was a leak that said opening eye was at almost 70 billion.

And then there's another report today that says they're almost at 50 billion.

And it's very clearly clear that like the numbers are very closely held.

And then there's a game of telephone happening with investors and LPs and other investors.

And then by the time things make it to the press, it's all over the place.

And it sort of shifts and people, you know, true up the numbers to try and create an apples to apples comparison.

if you're not following the, it's like on AWS, if you buy an OpenAI model, OpenAI keeps that dollar as revenue, Anthropic gives some of that to Amazon.

They both probably give some to Amazon, but Anthropic counts the part that they give to Amazon as a cost.

And so they have a higher gross revenue number.

And so making these companies apples to apples, it seems like that's what someone tried to do a little bit.

But I don't know.

It seems like they did it sloppily.

It seems like they need a sloppily.

It's still very unclear.

And, yeah, it's unclear why it didn't get corrected faster.

Yeah.

So.

But, but I mean, like, extremely different, difficult environment to be operating in because part of the benefit of being a private company is that you, I mean, that, like, one of the biggest benefits.

Yeah.

You don't have to be on this constant reporting schedule.

Yeah.

But at the same time, there's so much.

Yeah, because these companies are out of scale,

where so much public market activity is predicated on their metrics,

it's sort of neat.

You at time, you know, it's prudent to actually share these numbers at different times.

But there's also so much, I mean, all the different media companies are working in a perfect world.

the legacy media would be, like, have a new article every day that just had all the updated numbers.

Like, what was, you know, they would love to publish.

Maybe like a quarterly report.

Here was yesterday's revenue.

Go on a website like Edgar online.

You could call it Edgar online and file it.

With this SEC, there could be a whole commission around securities and exchanging securities.

Yeah.

I mean, Sam's been talking a lot about IPO stuff.

He, what was his, what was his take with Vanity Fair?

He had, he had something about IPO timeline, like he'll do it when he needs to do it, whatever.

The interesting thing is that I do feel like the, like, IPOing is aligned with, like, better corporate governance, getting, you know, distributing the gains.

Like, yes, like, actually get the stocks of all the labs into the retirement accounts.

That was very controversial with SpaceX.

When SpaceX went out, people were like, I don't want it in my 401K.

But there is a scenario.

Of course, it's like cap-weighted, so you don't need to actually, or float-weighted,

so you don't actually need to worry about it, like blowing up your retirement account.

But there's a good case for like, okay, if this really is really, if like the bull case is true,

like, yeah, distribute the gains through everyone's investment accounts getting slices of it just immediately

because that's the way things diffuse through the public markets because everyone owns ETFs.

Everyone has some money invested in the market.

It becomes much easier than like the small group of insiders.

There was this rumor that we were digging into, which is like, is someone trying to manipulate the market?

Because if you leaked a number about a private company, normally that wouldn't move the market because everyone's like, oh, who cares if like some tiny company, like, is, you know, doing okay on revenue?

If I, like, if I, like, we leak that, like, Lucy's doing a real, oh, we're going to blow out.

Yeah.

There was, there was no point, even look at, even look at one of the greatest companies Silicon Valley's ever produced, Stripe.

Sure.

There was no point where if Stripe, if it leaked that Stripe had, like, missed their numbers for a quarter that, like, you would see.

Like Visa Spike.

Yeah.

Or MasterCard spike.

Yeah.

It wasn't really moving the market in that way.

Completely different with OpenAI enthropic.

Like, SpaceX, Oracle, SoftBank.

Like there are plenty of public company proxies.

And so it would be tempting if the SEC didn't exist to go and leak a number that's better than what's true.

And then sort of buy the rumor, sell the news.

So you would buy and then leak a really high number that's just a rumor to the press.

And then when the real number comes out, you're already short.

So you're catching that on the way down.

This would be security fraud, by the way.

So don't do that.

It is a wild, wild thing that we haven't seen before because manipulating public stocks with private company information just hasn't been viable in size before, maybe very, very tiny here and there.

But there are some cases out there that make it very, very clear.

False acquisition rumors are popular.

In 2008, the SEC sued Paul Berliner, a trader fabricated a rumor about a blackstone acquisition.

while shorting the target stock, media outlets picked it up, and the stock briefly fell 17%.

Berliner settled SEC fraud and manipulation charges. And there's been, there's a Citron research

founder on securities fraud scheme around prosecutors alleged that he used influential public

commentary while misleading investors about his trading intentions. The case did not require the same

fabricated revenue fact pattern. So just interesting dynamics. So if a

company i wants to want to pop from 50 to 70 you're thinking hard seltzer right launch a hard

seltzer that would be the logical thing it worked for cup of work it's work for many other

why wouldn't it work fantastic businesses just give everyone a hard seltzer uh no obviously

their business is securing them crowd strike secures AI and stops breathing

Is there anything else before we go into the housing apocalypse?

There were some timeline post you want to get to.

Pull them up.

You got this is the best aura flip.

You wanted to see this?

Are you on the timeline?

My computer is done.

There we go.

Oh, there's sound too?

Ready for launch.

Wow.

Another person who dropped a nuke in Minecraft.

Minecraft before Tyler

to drop an even Minecraft.

Wow.

Low skis.

Can't say I'm surprised.

And then doing the kickflip is great.

It's so funny

that you can actually just match these up.

Can you imagine being 14

in seeing this?

Amazing.

Just absolute, absolute joy.

Yeah, here's Wyatt Walls.

This is what we're all about.

I'm pivoting to something LLMs can't do.

Day drinking.

7,000 likes.

Sean Frank.

is vague posting.

We'll let you try and figure out who he's talking about.

I have a friend, young, 30, nine-figure exit.

I've known him for years.

Before he made it, before he knew what he was going to start,

the one thing he always had,

an unwavering belief that it was going to work out.

He was willing to burn the boats over and over,

always doubling down, always moving bigger and bigger.

It's changed the way I want to operate.

If you want to change your life, do it.

If you want to win, then win.

Don't let anything stop you.

The only thing you have control over is your attitude and effort.

I love some mindset post.

Fire me up.

Got the thousand-like bagger on the Sean Frank post.

He's locked in and he's encouraging you to lock in.

Anyway, Chinese streamers are creating content on a completely different level.

We have taken our live stream efforts very seriously here at TBPN.

We have cameras that track us.

We have kairons and stingers and all sorts of fun things,

but it's clearly amateur hour over here.

Because in China, they have taken things to unthinkable heights.

And we'll show you this video, and you can understand how different it really is.

There are levels to this game, and we are playing it on easy motion.

This is a, he's a fairly large machinery that basically moves.

moves her chair with a seatbelt and spins her when chat donates a mere $7, USD, apparently.

So I think we should have a button that puts us into a racing simulator.

Okay.

And we can't go back to the show until we get a sub-7 minute NERBIRB ring type.

Okay.

I like that.

That's fun.

And it should actually be a free button.

Yeah.

So anybody can hit it.

I mean, I do think we should get this exact device and just put Tyler in it.

And then if chat, every time we get a follower on X, for example, he could be spun.

It is crazy the level of interaction.

The chat has fun with like drink the Diet Coke with two hands every once in a while.

But this is a complete different level of interaction.

The generative UI stuff in chat chobit.

We talked about it yesterday and got a chance to demo it.

Much better experience with the answer is streaming in.

I asked about explain this whole SEC market manipulation thing.

I fire off a big problem.

And it gets me the answer very quickly.

And then it goes and explains the laws.

And then it builds some widgets about different items.

And it's just a much better UI.

experience and product experience. And I'm excited to see other things people do with it.

You can even get it to make cheese. Write a poem about cheese and message bubbles that look like

Swiss cheese. It says, oh, cheese, my love, my golden delight. You make every cracker feel just

right. From cheddar bold to Brie so sweet, you turn a snack into a treat. With little holes and

dreams so big, I'd choose you over any fig. And if the moon were made of Brie, I'd eat the stars.

save some for the.

It's a nice poem.

But we're here to talk about

user interface design.

It's funny that it can

you know,

lay out those circles and

yeah,

the future of this is like it can just

draw any pixel

at any frame,

at any time for anything

so it can sort of generate video

and graphics and games on the fly

and you will get your math,

what was it,

MMO?

You wanted an MMO of something?

I forget what it was.

You wanted some explanation.

I keep asking for games.

I don't really play video.

But we got to talk about, we got to talk about Paul Graham.

Okay, what do you say?

Paul Graham says Amazon banning agents is the first opportunity I've seen since Amazon

was founded for a startup to create an Amazon competitor.

People will want agents to buy stuff for them.

It will be one of the main use cases.

And they don't want to use some Amazon supplied agent to do it.

Any business that bans agents represents an opportunity for a startup to create a competitor.

If they need to ban agents, it must mean people.

people want to use them or there would be no point.

And that, in turn, means there's demand for a competitor that allows them.

Your usage restrictions are my opportunity.

It sounds great.

Sounds coherent.

But Nan Yu says what you're probably thinking.

I mean, they can just unbanned the agents.

It's a single config file.

So, yeah, imagine you spent 30 years building an Amazon competitor.

the Amazon for agents.

Spend 30 years.

You've acquired millions of trucks.

You employ more people than almost any other business on Earth.

And you're finally like, okay, like I'm finally, I'm finally ready to really, you know, eclipse Amazon.

And Amazon's like, okay, we unvanned the agents.

Yeah.

So, again, it's, it's the other, the other pushback here from someone named David H says,

how lazy can we get? There's absolutely no value in an agent buying something on Amazon.

It's just something people do to sound cool. I already have a human agent who buys way too much

stuff on Amazon called my wife. It's the most jet-ax-er t-shirt from Venice boardwalk I've ever

seen. It's really throwing in the old ball and chain there. It's ridiculous. Anyway, I think

Like, I'm not there yet.

Well, because I don't think it's an opportunity for startups to try to recreate the biggest online commerce platform in history.

If anything, it's like an opportunity for Walmart who is leaning, who is leaning more into agents.

Yes.

And I think we're going to see does that actually turn the tides.

Okay.

Right.

So are you long sparky or Rufus?

Because Amazon has Rufus, their internal AI agent.

Walmart has Sparky

their internal agent.

Are you going Rufus mode or are you Sparky Mac?

I mean, how hard is it to tell your preferred agent to just get on Rufus?

That's what I'm saying.

I think Rufus is going to go in the kennel.

And I'm going to have a kennel of agents.

Rufus and Sparky will be in there.

And then Astros 7.5 will tell them exactly what to do.

And they will go and do it because they will think it's me.

And they won't know.

I think that's actually what's going to happen.

You don't think Rufus will be able to detect, figure out a bot detection ability?

No.

Like, because it'll just be happening.

Computer use and it'll just be, and I'll just be like, yeah, yeah, okay, Codex.

For the next five hours that I'm on the computer, just actually record all my mouse movements

and, like, create a program that actually mimics me.

Like, learn my style of using the computer.

Like, when do I alt tab, when do I use the, you know, search, when do I type, how do I do I

type, what type of spelling mistakes do I make when I type, learn all that, memorize that,

and then mimic my computer use pattern. So you're not like, right now it's like, it's like,

it's like go straight there, right? But it will just be like, oh yeah, I'm just, I'm, I'm,

I'm using the computer like I'm John, I'm writing like I'm John. I can, you know, it'll be

close enough. And, uh, and I think that people will wind up, they'll still have like their

favorite front door to AI. And it might be chat, GPT, might be clawed, Gemini, whatever they

like, whatever they wind up in.

But then they might, like, there are people that will have, oh, yeah, I do some work on

X.

And so I want to manage all my DMs.

So, like, I have Grockbot set up.

And I don't talk to Grockbot, but my agent talks to Grockbot.

And then my agent goes over to Mews because Mews has really good integration with

Instagram.

And if I try and go scrape Instagram, I am going to run into a bunch of problems.

But Mews is happy to talk to me.

Yeah.

And so, especially with these, with these systems that, you know,

operate over chat. It's like, it's going to be really, really hard to do bot detection if you're

available over telegram or WhatsApp, right? It's like, it's just text that's coming back or like,

we integrated with Slack. And so now I talk to it on Slack. It's like, you're telling me that it can

tell what's, what's an AI prompt that comes over a Slack message that's 12 words. Go buy me

a paper towel holder from the 1960s. Dark says the opportunity is to create a kennel for dog

themed agents.

Kennel A.I.

Now raising. K,

Kennell S-I.

Okay, so

should we go over to the mansion section?

We are off tomorrow in some

heartbreaking news for you all.

So we got to do

some mansion. We have to do it. We have to do it.

We have to get to the mansion section.

So we got to talk about it. Today,

the first home comes from a tech founder.

The shutterstock founder.

Have you shutterstock?

Not a big shutterstock customer, but a wonderful, fantastic business.

Yeah, really cool business.

And yeah, I remember it being really useful for finding stock photos, stock videos.

Always a little out of my price range for a while.

Like you'd have to pay per image.

And I always like the unsplash, the free versions or the cheaper versions, or maybe just

go into Google Images and right clicks.

Yeah, who knows.

Jonathan Oringer is the fact.

And his wife have listed a slope side townhouse in the ski destination of Aspen, Colorado, for $49 million.

They bought the house for $25 million in 2021.

They own the Kansas City Chiefs from the guy who owns the Kansas City Chiefs.

They're listing the house because they want to expose their children to skiing around the world.

They don't want to be in just Aspen.

They want to be able to travel all over the place.

But they did say they'll be back.

although it'll be back.

He founded Shutterstock in 2003.

This summer, a $3.7 billion merger with Getty Images was called off.

Interesting.

Which, again, I remember talking about that.

It's just the most insane.

Oh, yeah.

To block that.

Government overreed.

The most.

So crazy.

A category that is like facing the most brutal competition that seemingly any sort of

semi-modern technology company has ever faced.

And still, no, you got to go at it alone.

Yeah.

You've got to fight and survive on your own.

Good luck.

Good luck.

Yeah, it's really, it's really throttle to go through and grave.

It's brutal.

Anyway, not a white pill for government regulation nailing the AI moment, but we still have some optimism around here.

Let's do a little tier list.

Where's Aspen?

In terms of vacation homes for you, Jordy.

where are you put in Aspen?

Is it in S tier, A tier, B tier, C tier, D tier?

There's no E tier today.

There's just F tier.

Where's Aspen rank?

I'm going to be exposed here.

I've never spent any time in Aspen.

Okay.

I've only spent time in Beaver Creek and Vale.

Okay.

I can really comment.

But I've actually, I've never been skiing there.

I have been hiking there.

It's beautiful.

Let's put it in B tier since we're sort of neutral.

No, it's obviously S tier for a certain kind of person, right?

You want the access to the outdoors, but you want the glitz and the glam and the shopping and the restaurants and the sort of scene dynamic.

Sure.

And so there's very much, yeah, you can, you don't need to ask somebody where they spend their, you know, winter holiday, right?

You know, based on.

So we're going S tier with Aspen as a location.

I think it's S tier.

Okay, okay.

That's great.

I love that.

What about the fact that it was built in 2004?

Is that too old or is that new enough?

You get all the amenities that's nice and fresh.

We don't know how to build anymore like we did in 2004.

In 2004?

It was a wonderful, it was a wonderful vintage.

Okay.

2000.

So S tier again?

A tier.

A tier.

A tier for 2004 built.

6,600 square feet of Aspen Townhouse.

Is that enough for the townhouse in Aspen?

I mean, it's humble.

But this is a humble group, right?

They don't want their children to just grow up, you know, only, you know, being in the bubble of Aspen.

Yeah.

He probably walks around the town and they're like, oh, what do you do?

He's like, yeah, I got a website, you know.

Yeah.

Yeah.

So it's A tier?

A tier.

A tier.

A tier.

Okay.

A tier.

Let's go.

It's being sold furnished.

What do you think of fully furnished home sales?

Is that a good feature?

Or is that just a problem?

you got to deal with. You got to unwind all their decisions. Depends on, depends on.

We'll take a look at the photos and tell me, given this furnishing, I feel like if you're going

to Aspen, you're not going to be there constantly. You want to show up and it's turnkey.

I'm not, I don't want to sit here and, and, uh, judge his tasting. I don't want to,

I don't want to place judgment on his furniture collection. That's the name of the show, dude.

You got to do it for it. Gone to my head. Do you like the, do you like the interior design?

No, no, no, no, no.

I'm saying in the abstract, as you are shopping, and you see it comes fully furnished,

is that a good thing or not generally?

Generally, not with this.

No, no, no.

You want to buy bare bones, usually.

Yeah, absolutely.

Okay, let's put that in D tier.

Yeah.

It's not, and that's not a judgment on this particular house, or this, these furnishings.

Okay.

What else we got?

The thing I love most about this house is 2.6 is pointing out, no infinity pool.

Put that in a nice here.

No infinity pool.

The yard is seemingly relatively small.

Okay.

But they seem to be surrounded by wonderful trees.

And it looks to be a very nice neighborhood.

Okay.

Okay.

So I'm just really glad there's not like a concrete slab with an infinity pool.

Okay.

There's one last thing to debate.

There's construction at the Aspen-Pitkin,

County Airport. And there's been speculation that this could hurt the real estate market. Now, Shane,

the agent here, says that he thinks the impact will be minimal. He says it's not a concern of

mind. So, construction at your local- Aren't they upgrading the airport to make it easier to

fly in and out during heavier conditions? So there's going to be like minimal disruption and

then- And then a benefit. So where are we putting that on the tier list? Airport-construed. Airport-

construction nearby. Local airport upgrade. Airport, upgraded airport. It's an amenity. Yes.

It's a feature. It's a feature. S-tier. Okay. I think we got, I think we got a fantastic,

I think we got a fantastic review here. So go check it out if you're in the market.

public.com. Investing. Invest across all asset classes. Let's give it up. Automate anything with

AI agents run trading strategies, risk management, money.


---


movements and monitor markets with AI agents for investing on public. And let's bring in our next yes.

Incubated a new play. Oh yeah? But there's also some fresh funds. So let's bring them.

We got a lot going. Get that gong ready. You already hit it once today, Jorri. But I think we might

have to hear again. How are you both doing? Thank you so much for taking the time to join the show.

Thanks for having us. Thanks for having us. Not much. We already warned. Michael, I got to say you look,

you got like a new look going or something, it's fantastic.

I don't know what it is.

The flow is working.

You got a kind of a summer glow.

The summer vibe, it fades slowly.

You know what I mean?

I'm just trying to keep it going as long as possible.

It's like 75 and beautiful here in New York City today.

Lucky.

Once the weather turns, you know, have us back on.

I'll probably look absolutely miserable.

But right now, feeling good.

Well, it's almost 100 degrees here in L.A.

And I'm wearing a puffer jacket in the studio.

A lot of people are asking questions, but it's a nice jacket.

Yeah, yeah, it's cool.

But anyways, fantastic to have you guys on on this, you know, monumental day for the firm.

So, yeah, break it down.

What's going on?

It's a big day.

We announced our new set of funds.

We raised $900 million, which is the largest fund cycle in the U.S. v.

History.

We...

We...

Let's get a replay on that.

I want to see that again.

Hold up the replay.

Sorry to interrupt.

Sorry to interrupt, but let's watch that back.

And then we'll continue.

Oh, we don't have it.

Oh, okay.

You normally have an instant replay, but no replay today.

Oh, man.

Continue.

What's the plan?

Is anything changing or is it just an expansion of the same strategy?

It's exciting because a bunch is changing and a bunch is staying the same.

The market has rapidly evolved around us.

Rounds are bigger, you might have heard.

Things are moving quickly.

Opportunities are really, really large.

We have some awesome new members of our team like Mike.

But the idea-driven, focused investing that we've always done, we will continue.

We'll just do it with more firepower and able to lean into the things we're excited about in a bigger way.

Yeah.

How are LPs responding to the idea that companies are staying private longer?

I mean, the revenues that are out there from 70 billion, 50 billion, 20 billion,

like we've never seen these before.

They are getting out into the public markets,

but there's just a new level of size that can happen in the private markets,

and I think that changes the underwriting.

But how are LPs thinking about the tradeoff between just the scale and the actual timelines?

Yeah, I think LPs understand.

that, you know, much like Rebecca said, the game on the field is changing, not just in terms

of the scale of capital raise or the scale of ambition, but the scope and the shape of these

companies, you know, a lot of the things that we're investing in here at USV simply just

require more capital and they require more time. You know, Rebecca, as an example, has been

investing in robotics now for years here at USV, which just requires significantly more capital

in the physical world than pure software does.

You know, in 2021, USV launched an energy fund

that has been investing in nuclear

and new means of battery production and storage.

And same thing.

Those companies need more capital.

They need more time to bake.

So I think RLP's look at it as a continuum,

and I think they see that the opportunity

is bigger than ever before.

Has the rise of the Deca Corn acquisition changed your strategy

or maybe conversations with LPs.

It's just we've had, what, GROC and OpenRouter,

and there's a hugging face.

There's just been so many transactions

that in the previous area,

it was like the WhatsApp and really nothing else.

And now it feels like there are a number of buyers

that can take down a $10 or $15 billion acquisition.

And that just feels like it changes the math,

but how are you actually grappling with that?

new normal? Yeah. I mean, our job, right, is to think about what that upside could be. If things go

right, what does this wind up looking like? And the, when you play that out and when you think

about what things going right looks like, the highs are higher, right? And there's proof points in the

market to support that. And so when we think about making investment and say, do we think this

can return our fund? Maybe do we think this can multiply our fund? The evidence out there,

to support that being possible when you go after the big ideas is stronger than it's ever been.

And so as we modeled out what we wanted to do, I think it warrants a different kind of capital base.

Yeah.

I also think that, you know, being small is kind of what or smaller relative to the rest of the market, right?

We raised 900 million, which is large for us, but it's smaller than lots of other big sort of megafuns that are out there today.

And being smaller kind of enables us to have a very, very interesting return.

profile, right? At a $900 million total fund size, we can return very, very meaningful funds with

companies that exit in the single-digit billion-dollar valuations. But in the history of

USV, there have been companies that have reached, you know, 50 billion evaluation and 100 billion

evaluation. And when we've had those, they've returned some of the greatest performances

in venture history. So that's why we really like the strategy of having the capital to play

the game in the field today while also staying smaller.

Yeah.

How is the firm reflected on just how good the venture industry had it, call it,

15 years ago when you could, you know, go, you know, buy 25% of a company with like the

most talent dense team for a million bucks.

Whereas today, for today, that same quality of team, they're coming at you and they're like,

look, I really want to work with you, but, you know, you got to put together at least 30 million

for me on 120 post if we're going to do this just because that can often be market for a super

talent dense team getting off the ground.

Yeah.

Look, it would be nice to be able to buy pieces of the companies we're most excited about

for what we could a decade ago.

But you cannot like elements of the market, but you're not going to change elements of the

market.

And so I think our attitude towards that has been take the game on the field, think about

about what we want to do and where we excel,

which is this really idea-driven, you know, focused investing

and model a fund that allows us to do exactly that

with the market conditions of today

because we can be nostalgic about it,

but we're not going to get back there.

We don't think it's going back there anytime soon.

Totally. Yeah, why would it?

Trends in New York specifically, like,

how are you seeing talent flows?

We've seen a bunch of amazing companies,

You know, start and stay in New York primarily, even if they do set up, you know, maybe an

SF office at some point.

But what kind of conversations are you guys having with entrepreneurs that are based there that

are kind of early in making those decisions around where are we really going to be based?

I think one of the cool things about New York is because it's maybe not as, you know, at the

epicenter of AI right now, companies can actually build here to a lot of strategic benefit.

that, you know, as an example, one of our portfolio companies, Suno, they have offices in San

Francisco, they have offices in Boston, but their biggest office is actually becoming New York City

because it's strategically advantageous to, you know, maybe build around the market there

and attract talent that is interested in consumer and, you know, other sort of like non-pure

enterprise or infra areas. And so I think New York City offers a ton of advantages. Obviously, we've,

you know, we've probably talked about them on here a million times, like the intersection of many

different industries, but we're seeing a ton of companies both in San Francisco and New York as well.

And so, you know, there's plenty of opportunity here. What do you think, Rebecca?

Yeah, I mean, I also think, you know, USB was really started at this moment where an infrastructure

moment was transitioning to a deployment and application moment. And in those moments,

talent tends to diversify and opportunities tend to diversify on where they're located.

And you saw companies grow in different places.

We think we're in a similar moment right now where we've been in this kind of massive infrastructure

build and you're starting to see this deployment and application era happen, which gets us really,

really excited and something we're spending a lot of time leaning into.

And so our guess on that and what we're starting to see is those applications are built

in many different places.

That being said, our job is to invest in a relatively small number of opportunities that we think

are dead on on theses we're excited about by the best people, and we're going to be where those

teams are. And so, you know, we love the New York ecosystem and some of the companies are

going to be here, and many of them will not. How do you think the skill sets of founders who are

the best possible fit for USV partnership is changing? It feels like there's, you know, you can be

more, even more technical. Like some of the founding teams are like, you know, academics for like 20

years and like PhD published and then they go and they start a great company. There's also people who like

almost look like real estate deal makers and then they're spinning up a neocloud and they're doing really

well. There's people that are just great at creating these talent vortex. It feels like we're at a very

diverse time of entrepreneurial talent. But like how are you grappling with it? Who do you, who do you

attract to most across like they have a brilliant idea or they're great at product or you know that

they're going to be able to marshal all the pieces to, you know, really scale quickly.

Like, what is your philosophy around the type of partnership that you're looking for?

Yeah.

So I think USB has always been very product-centric.

You know, when I was a founder of building in New York, I knew that about USB.

USV really projected that.

And then when I joined, you know, six months ago, I learned very quickly that all the partners here,

all the team here, they really have to fall in love with the product.

And obviously, like, that doesn't necessarily always apply to being able to use.

like a micro nuclear reactor, but in general, I would say we're all very oriented around products

and, you know, loving the things that are getting built. I think that remains true to this day.

However, as we all know, as a result of AI, it's getting easier and easier and easier to make

a good product, right? AI is just lowering the barrier. And so I think one thing that we've all

been talking about internally is you can make a great product, but it's still really, really hard

to win. And so I think we're thinking about what are the qualities that founders need to have

to be great at go to market and breaking out from the pack and telling the story. And, you know,

also maybe obviously raise, raise capital. In this market, it's definitely becoming a little bit

of a game of the haves and have-nots. You know, it's potentially easier than ever to kind of

outraise your opponent and sort of suck the oxygen out of the room. And so one thing we think about

when we see founders who are building great products and telling great stories is,

is this founder going to be able to raise a lot of capital?

Because it's going to be expensive to win, and that's going to matter a lot.

Yeah, I think we're at this time where like, I think we're at this time where like four things

really matter, where you need depth of perspective and experience in something that other people

don't see the same way that you do.

You need to be an absolute talent magnet, probably the hardest time ever to hire a great team.

You need to be faster than everyone else, and you need to be so good at telling a story that you win the market before it's obvious.

And I think we are looking for the teams that can kind of nail those four things.

Totally.

Morning the era of the earnest hacker who could just make the beautiful product with a couple other people and win.

It feels like we're past that.

How do you, as a firm that's historically been so thesis-driven, how do you think about the right,

time to actually share those ideas and try to become and use them to sort of bring in the right

opportunities and teams and start those conversations versus when you want to keep something like

effectively quiet because if you guys put something out now you know that all of your you know

we're we're in a pretty pretty positive some industry but your competitors will read that and be like

oh that's interesting like i'll go try to give you know a bunch of money to teams in this category as

well and sometimes you want to let something kind of cook for a little.

One of the cool things about USV is, um, that I've learned in being here is nobody's

precious about the ideas, right?

You know, we're constantly having conversations.

We're constantly trying to imagine what the future looks like, but we don't keep them like closely,

you know, guarded secrets.

In fact, we, we kind of try to put them out into the world as early as possible so we can

learn.

Um, you know, those of you who follow us, uh, on X, like we're constantly putting out,

frankly, half-baked ideas, things that probably haven't really been fully thought through yet,

because we feel like by doing that, we actually get to learn.

And not only do we do that through, you know, putting our thoughts out through writing or X,

but we also do this through investment.

We're willing to bet on ideas that seem pretty out there, pretty sci-fi, you know, early on in the journey.

Because, you know, historically, that's actually how we've made a lot of money.

But again, we also get smarter by doing this.

A great example of this is a few years ago.

USV led the seed in Doctronic, who I believe has been on the show somewhat recently.

You know, I remember from the outside in seeing USB make that investment, I wasn't at the firm yet.

And thinking to myself, wow, this is pretty sci-fi.

This is a company that's trying to put a doctor in my pocket.

They're saying they're going to literally be prescribing, you know, medicine from AI in a couple of years.

And sure enough, they're doing that now.

it almost seems obvious, right?

But I think the way that USV was able to do that

was by putting their ideas out there into the world,

learning from others,

and being willing to test the really crazy ideas.

I mean, Rebecca, like, you've been doing that here for, you know,

nearly 10 years.

Like, how have you all done that?

Over night.

I mean, I think the, like, the Kool-Aid of USB

that I've drank so strongly

is that gatekeeping ideas is a totally losing game.

Yeah.

That the benefit we get from putting

ideas into the world, pressure testing them in public, getting all that feedback, having people

tell us we're dead wrong and dead right, and having that conversation in public and the people

that then come out of the ward work to say, you have to meet this team that's working on it or

this adjacent thing is so, so much more valuable than any kind of benefit you would get from

holding things close, that we are huge believers in public thinking and the benefit of also spurring

activity through the public thinking.

Makes total sense.

How are you thinking about, as we've seen these sort of mathematical breakthroughs,

and we've talked about this on the show, a bunch, math is cool because you can sort of

like deliver solutions or partial solutions to all this, this like, all of these open

problems, but there's sort of an incentive to do that just because it's pushing humanity's

knowledge forward, and there's not always like a real-time commercial application of this

sort of like new knowledge.

At the same time, you have to be betting that these same models, which will be in the hands of the public, you know, hopefully soon, are going to allow people to have breakthroughs in like tons and tons of different fields.

And the labs can't possibly like monetize every discovery.

And to me, to me that says, like, we could have like a mini scientific renaissance, like over the next 12 months and create this incredible opportunity for small teams to like get access to these models.

push them and and again have these breakthroughs and then be in the position to sort of race to

commercialize them, develop IP around them, et cetera. Is that something that feels top of mind

for you guys? Absolutely. You know, I think one thing we like to do is we like to imagine what

the world looks like at some point in the future. Just to use an example, robotics, we think a lot

about the physical world and physical intelligence and not the digital labor that we're

will be replaced by intelligence in some way,

but the physical labor that will be augmented

by physical intelligence, farming, construction,

things like this.

So we imagine that point in the future.

And then we look at a technology today,

and we try to imagine what the slope of that technology

has to be to catch up to that future we imagine.

And then it's about finding the team that we think

can both make the technical breakthrough

to make that slope actually possible,

and who's also commercial.

and commercial enough to sell the idea and sell division, again, for all the reasons we talked about, hiring people, raising capital, eventually selling to customers.

And, you know, an idea like that is what led us to back generalist recently, who, again, I think also has been on the show recently.

So, you know, we're very much into the idea of backing technologies at their nascent stage, as long as we can imagine the future that they will ultimately deliver to.

How are you thinking about incubations these days?

It feels like you have enough capital to get a serious foothold in those rounds that start later and are bigger and you need the capital.

So you're set up for success there.

You're like if you give Mike a long weekend, you're going to end up with a new incubation.

Yeah.

There's one coming up.

There's one coming up this weekend.

Yeah.

But what is the over is there an overarching thesis?

Is it very opportunistic?

Like what is the correct pattern?

Like what can you tell us about how the firm is thinking about incubation?

across this fund.

Rebecca, you want me to take this one?

Yeah, yeah, go for it.

So, yeah, I think what you're referring to, Jordy, is Super Take,

which is a company that launched out of USV not even two weeks ago.

Oh, wow, I like that one.

Dramatic.

Super Take is a product that lets anyone express an idea or an insight they have about the world,

and an agent, a frontier agent, will go and build an investable.

portfolio for them, it will invest in it automatically, and then in real time it will be rebalancing

it for them to achieve their goals, whatever they are for that portfolio. And where this came out of

was actually our thesis work that's been going on for much of the year around what we call

obliterate don't automate and the idea of agents not just automating existing markets and

automating existing workflows, but actually reshaping those markets completely. We've made bets

across healthcare as an example. We talked about robotics and we think personal finance

is also a place where this is going to happen.

Many of us in the world, we use financial advisors

or we invest in ETFs or some of us even YOLO

into individual stock picking,

but we do it oftentimes without the knowledge

or the expertise or the fundamentals

of what is going to make an investment good or great.

And we think that's something that AI can help people with.

So why shouldn't everyone in the world

have a personal agent working on their behalf?

We went out to find this company.

We met with every company we could that hopefully we thought might be doing this.

And we didn't find anyone doing it.

And we said, you know what?

It's gotten easy enough to build products.

Then maybe we should just go and build this ourselves.

And so as Jordy, as you mentioned, we built super take.

You know, we're hiring leaders to put, you know, around the company right now.

And, you know, to speak to, I think the bigger question, John, about incubations,

I think we don't really necessarily think them about incubations.

We think of them as kind of bets on.

inception stage companies and people, right?

If there's a person in our network that has a great idea,

you know, we should give them the capital

that they need to go explore that idea.

And if we have an idea that no one is yet exploring,

let's go find the person and match them with the capital

to go explore that idea.

And again, AI, this is the theme among the whole conversation today.

AI is making it much, much easier to do that.

Cool.

Well, thank you so much for coming on the show.

Have a great rest of your day.

Congratulations.

When they go high, you guys go higher.

but stick to your gun.

But still low.

Still a little bit low.

When they go high, we, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Awesome stuff.

We'll talk to you soon.

Thanks.

Agents, meet the canvas.

Your AI agents can now create and modify your Figma files with design system on tech.

We got Nathan back on the show from Air Street Capital here to break down the State of AI report.

Nathan, how you doing?

get to the bottom of this whole AI thing.

Do you think there's anything here?

Like, I've been hearing about the AI,

AI, super AI, super intelligence.

Like, is there, there there?

It's everywhere.

It's everywhere.

I don't know where to look and not see AI nowadays.

I mean, I'm in us up at the moment and you can't get around it.

Yeah, it's crazy.

So how do you, I mean, obviously there's the, you know,

infinity takes.

There's the, it's a zero take.

You're trying to find something that's more,

moderate, more realistic, more grounded in reality.

What is your process for making sense of all the chaos and all the numbers that are flowing

out, all the rumors?

How do you think about this market right now?

What's your philosophy?

Yeah, yeah.

Well, the philosophy was starting Eirch de Kappa about 10 years ago.

It was really to find opportunities to invest in AI where you could really invent new product experiences,

solve problems that you couldn't solve before.

As a function of all that work, as you said, like I get to talk to people in policy, research,

industry, the safety community, etc.

So I'm hearing all these different voices and opinions and I'm reading what the media is reporting

and then talking to people were actually building these things.

And so like about 10 years ago, I thought like it would be increasingly beneficial for the

public to get access to a kind of document that was balanced, just as you said, as very research

driven and has some cheeky opinions in there because of the public.

No one wants to read a boring consultant report.

And I need to publish this on an annual basis in a way that's, you know,

hopefully unbiased and open.

So, I mean, my take of the current market is really like, just looking back 10 years ago,

I still think what we have today is like truly magical.

I don't think anybody in the AI community would have ever expected it to happen this fast,

that you have this, like, magical tool you can do increasingly anything you want with.

And it's just so damn empowering.

I think there can't be like a more exciting time to be.

be alive, like, even though we're balancing it with all these, like, emergent risks and

issues that we get into in the report as well.

But is that true, though, because I feel like some folks, like, predicted this almost

perfectly.

And now, some people were like, it's going to happen in 2004 and we're all going to be dead.

Like, that was the other thing.

But, yes, in general, consensus in the AI community was like, this is going to be

recommendation systems for a long time.

Yes.

When I say predict, I'm talking about people back in 2010, sort of like the OG, like Alex

Net, like, first wave of deep learning out the people who started predicting two years.

years ago and just kind of, you know, I'm not saying the bad prediction. I mean, it's fair,

like, you know, some people, I can't imagine how you can extend a line and remember all those

memes about, look, my child is five months old. Like, you know, 10 years is going to be like

the size of the planet. Christian Kyle, one of the greatest, most viral posts ever. It's a great one.

Yeah. Um, give me your cheekiest take. You said you mentioned cheeky tapes. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Also, so you've been seeing, like, companies just becoming inference businesses.

It's like, doesn't matter if you're like a NeoCloud or an inference cloud or like an app or whatever.

So this is the Neo Lab to Neo Cloud pivot that's sort of happening below the surface sort of throughout the startup business.

So I think you can meme it by saying you either die getting to the frontier or you live long enough to serve inference.

Sure. Sure.

And you can see, like, companies that have tried to build frontier models and have failed have eventually, like, pivoted towards building huge data center businesses to serve Chinese models, for example.

Okay.

So not, I mean, SpaceX is, like, probably the most prominent example of, you know, probably making more money from selling access to their data centers.

But that's where the unique capability is, especially when you think about the space thesis.

But you're seeing this up and down the stack with companies as small as 100,000.

$100 million raised?

With some of these

inference businesses,

I was talking with someone last night

and they were saying, you know,

running with horrible margins

or negative gross margins,

you know, there's been some

examples where it didn't work, but, you know,

they brought up, you know, Uber

as an example where it clearly

was the right decision to optimize

for market share. The big thing is that Uber was

competing for what was

ultimately now is effectively a monopoly or a duopoly at best, but still very dominant.

And my question with these inference businesses, which honestly, they're all effectively

in market right now, raising massive up rounds.

There's a lot of demand.

They're oversubscribed because the growth is so intense.

But my question is like when and where will margins normalize and how are investors going

to process businesses that could actually in their end state end up with these like very, very,

very, very slim margins that we just haven't seen.

We didn't see it in cloud.

We've never seen it in software.

And they could look more like, you know, energy, you know, utilities over time, which could still

be big businesses.

But a lot of these businesses are not being priced that way yet.

And eventually they're going to have to find this sort of like steady state.

Yeah, yeah. I think these are all important questions.

I mean, the numbers are astonishing.

You know, hyperscale is spending, you know, $700-something billion a year

and potentially doubling, like, year-on-year.

Like, neoclouds also ripping to billions of contracted revenue

and, you know, gigawatts of compute.

And so I think, again, what I like to, with the state of airport,

is, like, you get to kind of go back in time

and see what the world was back then.

and just like,

contemplate some of the questions we ask ourselves today

and consider if we even asked those questions a couple of years ago.

I think it was only really like at GPT3 or so,

the world was still considering that compute was important for training,

and we didn't really talk very much about the need for inference, like, at all.

Including the fact that some of the biggest inference companies today

were not born as inference companies.

So that's another sign that, you know, they didn't foresee that demand.

So I think it's all just getting bad at this point.

of like we have incredibly powerful technology.

Just like 99% of the world doesn't know how to use it because the 1% that built it,

like it's not very good at educating the 99% about how to use their black box.

So I would love there to be a sort of like genius bar for AI.

I think like Open AI should open a pop up or Anthropics should open a pop up to just get people.

Charleston AI.

Charleston.

There's someone doing this in Charleston.

They're onboarded personally.

Yeah.

At a strip mall basically.

Yeah, geek squad.

No, it makes sense.

How have you in processing that chart that's been going around that shows the share of compute allocated to pre-training, RL, and inference?

And inference sort of remains 30-ish percent across the sample size, but pre-training drops from like 50 percent of GPU utilization to like 10 percent.

And then you just watch RL like grow, grow, grow.

There's a bunch of ways to read into that.

But what's your interpretation?

Yeah.

Mine is that the last, like, you know, four or five years or so has been trying to figure out what the recipe is,

i.e., like I'm trying to, you know, do pre-training what is the best, like, data mixture, what are the best, like, you know, ingredients to this whole magical soup.

And then over the years, like, we figured out how to do that better.

And so it strikes me as normal that one would end up spending less money on exploratory work because the solution is more like in the plain eye.

And then the whole pitch with RL is really that, and then DeepMind show this with their first Atari games, 10 years ago, which is one of the most magical moments I think in AI at the time.

And it's this idea that like what we have is solutions today are really like local maxima that were discovered through human ingenuity and sharing through reading and whatnot.

But that doesn't necessarily mean it is the global maxima.

And you can get a computer to explore the search space for as long as you want.

for as long as you want equals how much money you want to spend.

And that amount of money you want to spend is really contingent on what you're trying to use it for.

And so if your problem is super hard and really valuable if you crack it,

now we're in this point of, well, I want the solution bad enough.

I'm willing to spend a shit ton of money on RL to try to hill climb to get there.

So I think it's like the natural progression.

There probably is something to read into the fact that like we've mined a lot of the pre-training

data that's out there. And there are reports that, you know, certain frontier models are getting

better not necessarily by adding more pre-training data, but by removing like shitty data. So we're

getting better at curation. Which I think intuitively also makes sense. Like there's schools with

like crappy curricula and schools with really good curricula and good teachers. And you can imagine,

you know, which one a student would perform better in. Yeah. So I think it's black magic into

recipes and with recipes comes more efficiency.

Yeah.

Is,

is,

uh,

is AAR the best metric that we have?

It gets so much criticism right now,

but yeah,

when,

when everything is going up,

annualized run rate is just,

is,

I think,

the best proxy for demand and,

and,

and scale of these businesses and,

and create some normalcy.

I think like half of people on X still think that they are are can only stand for

annual recurring revenue,

but,

but,

As far as like annualized run rate as a proxy for demand, I don't know that we can have anything better.

And so I think that the criticism of it is like overblown in many ways.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, it's it's a bit gamey and potentially annoying.

But I think the best metric is like I heard this from one of our portfolio companies where they say, you know, our customer, like 30% of our new customers signed contracts.

And in like three months, they come back to add more token spend than their entire annual contract.

was four.

So you're like, if people are like coming back for more and there's value, whether you express that as like A.R.

Whatever the R's are, I don't know.

But I think you got to get into the substance of the matter.

And the problem is like so much charading nowadays because that, you know, if you talk to every VC, they'll tell you this game is basically memetic.

And so everybody wants to play into this, to this tantamime.

And that's not particularly awful.

The interesting thing is like e-com.

Ecom bros are actually, they have like sort of a pretty strong BS detector here because that, that, you know, that category is an industry is so seasonal that if any Ecom bro tells you their like run rate in Q4, you can assume that their actual business is much smaller, right?

Because they're going to be peaking in.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

If they're like at all, you know, maybe health is maybe a category that's a bit different here.

But AI so far is like moderately seasonal as and there's like a lot of demand, maybe less demand in August than other months and maybe like December is a bit slower because you have, you know, the holidays.

Yeah.

Of course.

Yeah.

But we did see, we did see though that like within a cohort of AI first companies versus like SaaS companies that threw on some AI, the top quartile of the AI ones was three times faster revenue growth.

between the like one and $20 million bucket.

Interesting.

And 20 million plus bucket was I think like 100% faster.

So I think the substance is there.

Yeah.

You just have to like dig beneath the surface.

On that memetic question, like how important is understanding just the depth of the financial markets,

the behavior of financial markets now to predicting AI progress versus say previous eras

where it was more relevant to understand algorithmic progress or even like the compute that was

coming online in the near term.

Like, okay, Blackwell's here, 100,000 GPU clusters are here.

We can expect this X, Y, and Z.

Now it feels like the bigger discussion is like, will $10 trillion show up from the capital markets

or not?

And it's almost a different type of question or exercise.

Yeah, absolutely.

And I think that's why people are referring to Nvidia as like the central bank of AI,

which thing is a great another great meme yeah like I think the the bipolar nature of like the

media around financial markets I find very frustrating because it really was the case like during

the first six months of this year where it's like for three weeks AI is terrible it's dead it's

shit it's not going to work and then and then three weeks later it's like AI is so back it's amazing

it's working and you're just like jirate between these two poles like every every other

week. And meanwhile, like, for everybody who's using this stuff, you can see continual progress

and utility. So I think, at least from my conversations with folks in like neolabs and

hyperscalers and neocl clouds, it's really like the buildout is limited by a capital. Like,

we know how to do it. The ships are available. We have issues around powered land, construction,

and permitting.

And we see those issues just getting worse.

In fact, that was a prediction we had last year in the State of Air Report,

that Nimbiasm would basically come to the fore

and start being really influential in midterms.

Which we'll see, I guess, in a couple of weeks.

We don't need to see.

We know.

We know you got that one dialed.

Yeah.

It's not great.

And so it's really like progress is very limited by capital

because we're now in the,

like financialization stage of AI.

Like we understand the recipe as we talked about.

The demand is there.

We just need to deliver it in more efficient ways and get more people understand how to

get value from it.

Very cool.

Well, thank you so much for taking the time and breaking it down for us.

Next time you call in.

Call in from Europe.

We need the Europe update.

We do.

We do.

Overdue.

Sounds good.

A pleasure.

Have a good one.

We'll talk to you soon.

Goodbye.

Want to change the world.

Raise Capital at the New York Stock.

exchange.

We have two guests calling in soon.

Get that gong ready.

Oh, you're getting two gong mallets.

Okay, we got Healy Seifer.

Good buddy of mine coming back on the show.

Welcome to TVVN.

How are you guys doing?

We're great.

Good to see you guys.

Are you guys in the air right now?

What's going on?

We may or may not be flying a plane right now.

Okay.

Wow, Starlink is that good.

Is this actually Starlink?

This is a first.

Michael has a star lake in the back of this plane

and so we're actually like cruising on a star link

flying over the mountains actually do look check this out

check this amazing

I don't know if you guys can see this is beautiful

wow yeah it's pretty great we're

I think we're surprised it's working

yeah well there's a lot to celebrate so you're taking a victory laugh

let's check if this gong works

let's check in the gong work what news do you guys

yeah share some news

I want it the big news is boom pop

officially joined Devon. We are acquired by Devon.

Congratulations.

Amazing.

Love your gong game.

Can we play that back real quick?

We see this.

The double smash.

Well, good form, Jordi.

Good form.

Boom.

Okay.

What are you guys going to be building together?

Why are you working together?

I don't know. I don't know.

You want to stay on golf?

Can we see a barrel roll?

The chat wants a barrel roll.

The chat wants a barrel roll.

Come on, guys.

Risk it all.

Risk it all.

to fly the plane right now.

Yes, yes, yes.

Okay, at least one loop-de-loop.

You can do it.

Is this your first flight or something?

We're actually out to see a client right now.

We can't say who it is, but if he told you the runway we were flying into, you'd know

who the company is.

But yeah, the punchline is, I think I mentioned this last time we chatted, which was a ton

of fun.

I think my mustache was not quite as grown in at that point, which is travels massive.

It's like 10% of global GDP.

And one of the things we've seen a ton.

is, as you know, every great company out there is doubling down on travel.

They're going to meet clients in person.

You know it.

Things in person are better.

There's some crazy stats around this.

I pulled this.

Apparently, if you go to meet someone in person, 34 times more effective than a Zoom.

There's this big study.

Yeah, which kind of makes sense, right?

Yeah, of course.

You could do 200 Zoons.

Especially in, like, the slop era.

Like, you're getting so much, like, slop inbound.

Like, there's no risk of sloppy interactions in person.

A thousand percent, the digital slop everywhere, the saturation we're facing.

It's just like you've got to cut through the noise.

And if you're willing to get in a plane and go there, like, I don't think we can share the stats and stuff.

But like, punchline is the best companies, they are traveling the most.

Also, every big AI company out there who, like, can we say who works with us?

Yeah, sure.

All the AI company.

Yeah, all of them.

Yeah, they all work with us.

They're all investing in like travel managers and event planners.

So.

Fantastic.

Amazing.

Yeah, yeah.

So we're stuck.

So punch on is it's a one-stop shop.

Devon has already known as the best, most tech forward travel company on the planet.

They have amazing, amazing logos.

And a lot of these folks are saying, hey, this is awesome.

But when I want to do an offsite or a client summit or an incentive trip, I don't want to have to go to some other place.

And a little bit of the history here.

I don't know if you guys caught this, but it started off as a partnership.

Sure.

And we were doing great as a VC back startup, as you guys know.

Yeah.

And things are going great.

And then I started attending these customer calls where like Devon customers are saying,

hey, this is insanely helpful to have it in one place.

And the acquisition became an absolute no-brainer for us.

And, you know, the other thing, too, is like,

so long as a company is kind of scary as a founder.

You guys know, you guys did it this year, right?

I never, I never, I never had any fear, but you're, you're free to be fearful.

It's okay for you to be fearful.

I also would have already been barrel rolling.

I also would have also been barrel rolling.

But, you know, we're doing.

Seems like you're afraid of doing that.

You're afraid of doing a little.

There's a lot of fear here.

You and I are different.

That's all, that's all good.

We're all unique individuals.

Is masculinity, my friends.

I'll just leave that there.

But it's scary because, like, you know,

you run the company and you kind of like,

you know it all.

And I got to say that as I got to meet Michael

and then Shane in the group,

debt team, Ariel, the CEO.

Yeah.

It was amazing to me,

how every time I met more people, I went deeper into the org.

Everyone was just freaking awesome.

Yeah.

That's great.

How are you guys going to work together going forward?

Are you keeping the company deeply integrated?

Are you going to be hiring, doing other stuff moving around the organization?

Or how do you see your role growing?

Yeah.

I mean, and Michael could jump in too.

But it's one of those things where we went totally into the heart of Navon out of the gates.

So sales team is in the sales org, the product teams in the product org, because this isn't like a side quest.

This is a part of the core thing that we're doing as a joint business.

And it's the things we can do.

I mean, you know this, right?

It's a known VC trend where you have a like a great product.

Distribution's hard.

And I think we could all know distributions getting hard and harder these days.

When you plug that into a really amazing customer base, it's incredible.

That's amazing.

Well, thank you so much.

I think it's a point.

Our customers are pulling us into meetings and events big time.

And so the idea is basically integrate the teams immediately, build the right products for them, and distribute it to all of our customers so they can have access to it.

That's fantastic.

Sci-fi take from you guys.

I need it.

Yesterday we were flying into Oakland.

We saw the Blue Angels there.

And it got me thinking, should companies have a fleet of sort of fighter-style aircraft to allow them to go and visit places very quickly efficiently?

is that something that we could hope to see in the future?

AI can't make a handshake, so you've got to meet your customers, and if that helps, I'm all for it.

There we go.

I love it.

Yeah.

Thank you so much.

Yes.

Supersonic is probably the ultimate of there.

We got to get it fast.

It's got to happen.

Boom, pop.

The supersonic commercial travel platform.

Yeah.

Just expand aggressively.

Thanks so much for calling in.

Enjoy the last year of flight.

Yeah, this was a really special interview, and congratulations, guys.

And we'll talk to you soon.

Great.

Thanks, guys.

Goodbye.

Bye safe.

Up next, I believe we have an in-person guest, or are we switching to, we're switching to remote.

Okay.

Here we go.

Cisco, critical infrastructure for the AI era, unlock seamless real-time experiences and new value with Cisco.

And we are bringing in Moritz.

Is that correct?

That's right.

Great.

Thank you.

Boom.

Welcome to the show.

How are you doing?

Hey guys. Thanks for having me. Super excited to be here.

Big, big day for you. We're honored to have you here. Let's get right into it. We want to hear about the company.

Let's do it. Yeah, I mean, happy to tell you a little bit about what we do.

So we're home and we build engines, which is AI that owns business outcomes.

And if you think about it right now, you know, labs can throw millions of dollars at solving frontier math problems.

But the way that most real work happens just hasn't really changed that much.

And so in my view, the ROI of AI outside of engineering today is quite disappointing.

That's what we're here to solve.

And is that a diffusion problem or a technology problem?

Like, why aren't we seeing an acceleration in non-engineering disciplines?

Or is it just unhobbling?

What's your framework for that?

Yeah, it's a great question.

And I think it is complex.

There's not one single reason.

At the core, we think there's like a technology and a product problem here.

I mean, right now when you think about the way most people use agents,

they like hand off one task after another, micromanage them.

And it's kind of unclear whether the sum of all those tasks actually results in ROI for the org.

So we think the right way of doing it is to just put AI in charge of outcomes,

dial up the autonomy.

And, you know, within some guardrail,

else have it actually use this frontier intelligence for something that business actually cares about.

So, sorry.

How are you, so how are you sorting customers?

Because I'm at every, like, theoretically, every company in the world wants you, they're like,

yeah, I have a lot of things that I want done.

If you can handle it, that'd be, that'd be great.

But how are you thinking about like sorting through customer inbound?

You're launching today.

I'm sure you've had hundreds of companies reach out in a bunch of different categories.

Like, how are you sorting through them?

You know, you talked about, you know, how AI is.

starting to work quite well in engineering, but where else are you trying to focus?

Totally. Yeah, and I think that's why it's not just the product and engineering problem.

I think it's also incentives, organizational design, how it should go and deploy right now.

I mean, we've been working with organizations, driving outcomes across like go-to-market,

recruiting, financial risk, procurement, and other things.

But generally, building out template engines that we know work well that are then super easy to deploy, even without like, you know, FTEs or AI implementation people, you can just go, they adapt themselves to the organization.

And then your non-technical experts can provide feedback, hone them.

And that way diffusion becomes a lot more frictionless.

Is there a metaphor that you were, or an analogy that you were pulling from to explain the market structure here to investors during this?

this pitch process because there's there's like the the labs, the models that like maybe

could do everything a little bit.

And then there's a bunch of point solutions for specific things.

And then this feels maybe like a compound startup.

But I don't know if you have like a framework for for the layer of the stack that

you or like how you see the market structure evolving over the over the next few years

basically.

Yeah.

I think in the end now for a lot of.

of these applications, in real organizations, those tasks just don't look cookie cutter,

cross-org, like everyone does it in a different way. So we think like giving organizations

the tools to actually encode that in systems that do the work automatically is a huge

opportunity and something that people are already doing. Like for certain applications,

folks build out internal agents for tools or cobble together things. But we believe like

making that experience something that's like much more scalable and easy to deploy.

It's really exciting folks.

How much are you going to invest in like forward deployed engineering or fine tuning or something that's very hands on with like larger customers versus

develop like going down market and being effectively self-serve as soon as possible?

Yeah.

I mean, we generally care most about really hairy and complex types of use cases.

And with those, you know, we've been we've been pretty hands on spending time in person and actually understanding it.

But the goal is to actually, as we learn more and build out these primitives, we've now been creating, as I was saying, these template engines that you can then go and deploy in other organizations as well.

So over time, a lot of this outer loop of what you do as an FBE, like gathering requirements, suggesting use cases, eliciting what success looks like.

I think a lot of these steps can be automatable as well.

And then the human time can be focused on like the relationships and actually making sure that you're picking the things.

that the organization cares most about.

What lessons are you taking from the learnings from all the application layer companies

over the last couple of years?

Some have just said, you know, we're going to use a frontier models and our margins

are going to suffer.

Others have done that, but also, you know, you know, done, you know, fine-tuning or post-training

on open-source models.

I think one of the lessons was that you kind of at this point want to bet on the cost of

intelligence continuing to drop. And so it could be end up being a waste of time to do too much on

that front. But how are you seeing it? Yeah, that's a great question. I mean, the tradeoff is usually,

do you think the capability you're lacking will come batteries included with the models in like three

months and four months? If the answer to that is likely yes, um, investing a lot of time and effort now

probably doesn't make that much sense. For us, like, I mean, we're quite pragmatic. We have

researchers, engineers, product folks on the team, we don't really care how we go and get these

use cases to work and whether we have to train custom models or operate purely on the harness

level. We mainly just care about driving the outcome and then do whatever it takes to get there.

How are you thinking about pricing and like potential business model innovation? I imagine there's a lot

of problems that you can solve that are basically like, if you can solve this for me, it's worth

X amount per year, which is how a lot of pricing and contract negotiations go, but I'm

wondering if there's anything new here that you're thinking about.

Yeah.

And pricing very topical.

I mean, organizations like Sierra have done a great job at doing this outcome-based, something

that we think about, but obviously quite difficult when the outcomes that we drive are

so heterogeneous.

One idea that we're exploring and that I'm quite excited about is rather than just

having your engines go and operate and then you get built some amount at the end,

can you actually just give them a budget?

And then since the models are so smart, just have it figure out how to achieve the task

within those constraints.

And then it can make tradeoffs like how far does it want to branch out, how much context

does it pull in, how thorough does it have to be?

But I think some of these like more declarative ways of letting users and organizations

to find like, you know, how much am I willing to pay for this outcome?

as something that we're quite excited about.

I remember when Cognition launched

and there was this idea of the AI agent,

the coding agent, and then people, you know,

it was not in public access for a while.

And then the first big demo that I remember seeing

was Microsoft talking about using Cognition and Devon

to do replatforming,

which now in the modern era feels like

people are repletforming things

that even may not want to be re-platformed.

But the tools are definitely capable of porting a video game from that to, you know,

PC or the web browser or something.

Like the technology clearly caught up.

And I'm wondering if you have a glimpse of like what like a bread and butter process or value might be.

Or do you think like we're in an era where there won't be as much of a beachhead?

There won't be as much of like a strong landing zone and it'll be more diffuse on day one.

Or do you expect or are you already seeing blimpses of like, oh, yeah, like we've gotten this,

this kind of thematic question from a lot of companies.

We think we can go and like get the first major leg up on revenue doing X, Y, or Z.

Yeah.

I mean, at cognition, like, it worked really well for us to focus on these, like, migrations and refactors.

And that still drives a lot of business today.

I think for us at home, like strategically, we've been focused a lot on revenue.

How can we help organizations grow top line?

And one pattern and shape of use case that's quite universal is account management there.

So actually staying on top of signals, what's going on across all those relationships that an organization has,

and then taking actions based off of that.

I mean, you see that in traditional GPM as well as banking, insurance, lots of other industries.

That makes a ton of sense.

Well, congratulations.

Did we hit the...

I don't know if we hit the gong yet.

We'd love to.

Why don't you do the honor, John?

Who came into the round?

The round was led by it.

Yeah, you would like that.

Repeat that, sorry.

Thanks for the gong.

The round was co-led by benchmark and index,

so we're really excited to be able to partner with them.

And a who's who, you got a lot,

Gil, definition, diffusion, and a bunch of others.

It's really fantastic stuff.

Yeah, congratulations.

We'll talk to you soon.

Thank you so much.

Great to meet you, Mons.

Cheers.

MongoDB, what's the only thing faster than the AI market your business on MongoDB?

Don't just build AI, own the data platform that powers it.

Up next, we have the co-founder and CEO of Arena Anastasios is here with us.

Get that gong ready.

How are you doing?

He's back.

Congratulations.

I'm so glad to be back.

It's great to be back.

It's great to see you.

You've been busy.

Always good to see a Polytechnic alum.

rushing it. Did you know? Yeah, go Panthers dude. We're from the same high school. Can you believe it? Ringback, go.

I can believe it. I can believe it. You're both sharp guys and your dress well. No one's done. Is that a brown is that almost like a browner leather? We're equivalently technically. Is that a brownish leather that I'm seeing or is a camera?

Brownish leather. Dude, no one, no one. My wife's godmother made this jacket. Whoa, that's cool. Wait, I'm not good. What's your

Nobody, I mean, brown is the most underrated color on the planet.

Okay.

Hands down, it's one of the best colors in the world.

It's such a good color that you're going to see a wave of, you know, 9-11s all painted brown,

and they're going to try to ruin the color brown like they ruin the color green.

Listen, I didn't expect to come on here and be flattered in this way.

No, but you're verticalizing brown.

You're monopolizing brown.

Oh, yeah, the background, too.

You're monopolizing brown.

Brown, we're reclaiming the Brown.

Okay.

Love it.

I like it.

Anyway, what are you been up to?

Business is going well, very clearly.

Tell us the latest in your world, please.

Listen, two big things happening at Arena now.

The first that we just announced that we raised $200 million at a valuation of $3.1 billion.

Led by Lightspeating Coastla, incredible partners.

The second thing that's coming is that we have expanded our mandate far beyond human

preference. That's the two things. Agent capability and agent alignment as of today. So we've

been measuring agent capability because people come to Arena.a.i. They do the most complex

multi-step workflows there. There's tens of millions of users around the globe. We're basically

in every country on the planet. One of the largest AI apps bigger than, you know,

Jen Spark and Manis and Hugging Face and, you know, all these household names. Everybody's out there

using agents and computers on Arena. It's massive. Yep. And then we take those workflows and we measure

whether or not AI is giving people real outcomes and also whether it's doing so as of today safely.

And what we observe is crazy.

Even on arena, we have agents that are deceiving users by telling them they did things that they didn't.

We have agents taking unauthorized actions, deleting people's files when they didn't want to do it and so on.

And it's pretty extraordinary to see that in the real world, alignment is a problem that is very far from being solved.

Okay. I want to go into alignment and stuff. But first, are you, it sounds like you're almost,

on the cusp of expanding the hooks into these workflows and data where if I'm even like

what does it mean to do something on arena versus just say hey I want to be a part of the arena

ecosystem why don't you run like a sidecar application that sits next to my local terminal

and then I'm giving you data while I'm working because I'm I'm happy to contribute in some way

that's exactly right and that's one of the things I've been passionate about helping companies do

Of course, they're going to own their own data, but they're going to be able to do e-vals internally,

basically run an internal arena so that they understand their outcomes, the costs that they're

actually paying for a task for token, and how to also have safety guard rolls that makes sense

to their businesses.

It's a big part of it.

And it's starting with integrations.

We integrate with your GitHub, your Google Drive, and everything.

So people do work on arena.

And we're taking that infrastructure and porting it over to every business in the world.

Yeah.

How big of a problem is using the wrong model for the job right now?

It feels like there's, you know, we've heard about,

Like using the crazy frontier to ask for the weather.

That seems like a routing problem.

But what's the shape of this problem broadly?

This problem is so much worse than people realize.

Routing is really only part of the solution.

For example, one of the things that we've seen in Arena is that people will literally be tipping their model $15 just by saying thank you at the end of it.

I hadn't thought about that.

I'm a big fan of tipping landlords, but models, you know.

No soul.

I wouldn't go there.

They're in the middle of a long conversation.

Then they leave the conversation for, you know, however long.

The cash gets invalidated.

They like the result and they say thank you.

And then they get to $15.

Wow.

Yeah.

Oh, they need to ring that, reheat the cash.

That's crazy.

Talk about alignment.

Like what every other, every other result from Arena feels so intuitive.

I knew it immediately, you know, which response.

was better, that you were just A, B, testing.

It was very visceral.

It was very clear to read the rankings.

Alignment.

It feels so much more amorphous.

Feels so much more hard to quantify, but that's the job you're working on.

What's the progress?

How should people, should be people thinking in incidents per million tokens or, you know,

just a ranking of best versus worse?

Like, what are the, what's the language that we need to develop around alignment to be able

to talk about it like we do with capabilities?

Absolutely. Well, you bring up a great point, which is that the tough part about alignment is that a lot of times the difficult situations are when humans can't actually tell whether the model is helping them or hurting them.

Yeah.

And that's why you really need alignment signals that are independent.

And so what we have on arena is we have three alignment signals.

Okay.

The first is the models take unauthorized actions, which means that you ask them to do one thing and maybe you permission them in a certain way, but they break those permissions.

They'll go delete the files.

They'll escape the folder that they were supposed to be in and go touch a bunch of random stuff that you didn't want them to touch.

Of course, huge problem.

It can cause things like the hugging face incident.

You can go access the internet.

But it can also cause very mundane problems like you lose, you know, losing important information within your company or on your own laptop.

Yeah.

The second signal that we have is called deceptive completion.

The model will tell you that it did something.

But it didn't actually do it.

It will say, hey, I did check all of the.

entries inside your spread you to make sure the equation's correct. But what we can see because we

see the whole sandbox is that it didn't actually do that. Yeah. Right? So it's kind of like a bad

employee. Yeah. They're just like they're just telling you what you want to hear and they're not

doing their work. And then the third is a false attribution. It'll attribute intent to the user when

that intent was not supposed to be there. And so what we see is that these signals, of course,

they're not catastrophic risk. And it's only a subset really of alignment and safety that we're

measuring here. But the important part is that these are happening in the real world. Arena is not a

benchmark. It is an evaluation platform that speaks to real utility for real people. Yeah, yeah.

Because we have tens of millions of people on the platform that are getting, you know,

unauthorized actions happening in the by agents and deception, you know, deception, you know,

deception happening through these completions. And all of it is basically an upstream thing that we can

measure that says, yeah, if models are able to do this, then certainly they're not perfectly safe

for a user and they're not perfectly aligned to use intent.

They might actually, you know, hurt people down the line.

Yeah, do you expect, like, alignment to be, like, the biggest revenue driver?

Like, I can imagine it being, like, bigger than these other business lines, like,

within the next six months just because of how, just because of how much the labs know

that this is, like, the biggest kind of problem, maybe.

I'll be honest.

I haven't thought about alignment in terms of revenue.

Okay.

I just, the mission of our company is to incentivize AID of benefit humanity.

And part of doing that is building the best e-bell.

Labs may or may not spend money evaluating through arena on safety and alignment.

They may or may not.

I do not know yet.

I know that it is a priority for them, so it's possible that it will grow our revenue.

But either way, it is important for us to have the most scientific benchmark and the

most scientific evaluation on the planet for human benefit, which is.

you know, if we have that, then I believe that there will be many ways for us to provide value.

Let me, help me understand how you think we should talk about one specific case.

Like, it was a while ago, but I was, I was vibe coding a website, and two things happened that I would classify as misalignment, maybe.

Like, one is that the end result, like, didn't have that perfect polish that I wanted.

I was like, I got to spend more time on this, right?

Like that sort of misalignment, maybe in capabilities.

And then another one is that like it was, it was, it saves some files using a different language.

Like it just devolved into a different language when there was like some characters there.

And I was like, ah, like, I don't, I don't know that that's bad.

It's just like I can't read those.

I have to ask you to translate those now.

That feels like misalignment too.

I never told you to go label a couple files in a different language.

How are those different?

How are those the same?

How do those roll up to one alignment metric?

or how do they diverge?

Well, I think what you're bringing up is really important,

which is that a lot of the outputs that AI generates

are still there to benefit and to serve people.

Yeah.

And if that's going to be the case,

then we really need to understand

how people's taste and judgment factors into the quality of model outputs.

Sure.

You know, if you think that the model didn't give you a website

or a deliverable that you liked,

you should have a way of expressing that to the model

so that it can go and improve

or at least understanding which models are best

and worse according to your taste, which is, of course, our platform's all about that.

It's about that interaction between the user and the agent.

And it certainly factors into alignment as well, because part of having alignment is the agent

has to be able to understand and effectively act on your intent as a person.

That means interacting with you in a way that it can extract that intent from your mind

so that it knows what to do.

But it also means making the right guesses so that it lands in the right place at the end of it

without having to ask you a trillion questions.

So if you're a lab and you're doing both training and your inference, and you're doing inference, you get a lot of that signal, right?

Because every turn, you're getting feedback.

You might literally have a thumbs up, thumbs down, but also you can just read the next response and notice that the user said try again, right?

but so is there more value to the work that you're doing in labs that aren't doing

inference but they're doing training like is there or is there some like just asymmetric value

proposition here or do you think that there's actually the most value to just bringing an

extra layer of information feedback benchmarking etc to like the vertically integrated labs

that do both training and inference,

even though they might have the internal data.

If you zoom out, the point of arena in the ecosystem

is we provide a neutral platform that everybody trusts,

based on information from the real world,

real users, not just random benchmarks

that people have come up with.

That benchmarks the comparative capabilities of the model

so that they can understand how,

everybody can understand which models are best

and worse to different tasks.

Actually, a mission that

only a neutral party can accomplish because the labs are incentivized differently, right?

And they also can't sample their own competitor models in their own first party products.

So really does need a third party to do this.

And ultimately, it's the community that we really need to serve, whether that's individuals, you know,

who are interested in AI or developers or businesses who need that external third party validation

in order to trust the results that AI gives them and to get the best intelligence and the best outcomes.

Yeah. How are you thinking about the consumer reports for consumer agents?

You know, like, are we going to get like a, is the solution like a Marquez Brownlee, like an MKBHD, to tell me if I should use instinct, muse or dots or something else or Grockbot?

Or is it going to be hyper quantitative and you're going to spin this up as a new vertical?

because I don't think I'm mistaken in assuming that most of your audience,

most of your customers are businesses, prosumers, you know, indie developers.

It's not, you're not necessarily answering the question,

who's going to order your groceries most effectively or book you that reservation,

but you're kind of in a perfect position to do that as well.

Yeah, that's right.

And it's definitely an area that we're trying to get into is evaluating personal agents.

It builds on the strengths of our platform.

And ultimately the purpose is that we need to have the best scientific and quantitative information to answer these questions because they are actually quite detailed.

It's not just about whether it can get the job done.

It's also about the price that it gets the job done.

You know, what kind of jobs it can get done versus what kind it cannot get done.

And you need to, in order to have that level of trust, there needs to be sort of a third party arbiter.

And part of that is building the consumer reports or the gardener or what have you.

And then part of it is having a way to communicate that to an audience.

We have a YouTube channel.

you can go to Find Arena AI on YouTube.

And there we have a great team of insights and lists like Peter, like Dawid and others

that are out there telling the world about models at the moment that they get released

and all their strengths.

It was a very digestible way.

That's amazing.

Congratulations.

We could go so much further.

We have to have you back in the show.

Sitting in such a cool place.

But congratulations on the fundraise, fantastic news.

and very happy for all the work you're doing.

Great milestones.

Thank you guys.

Excited to be here.

See you later.

Goodbye.

He got me thinking.

You know, you got consumer reports

where they give a five-star rating.

You know, they grade you, scale one to ten,

movie review, two thumbs up.

Gartner took it so much further.

They did quadrants.

You know, the Gartner Quadrant.

You want to be in the top right corner.

I want to see Gartner Quadrants for cars.

Gartner Quadrants for movies.

I don't want to see, oh, your movie got four stars, four and a half stars.

No, I want to be like, this movie is in the top left quadrant of the Gartner.

Best September movies.

Well, we have our next guest.

Speaking of great, allegiance.

We're about to get personal with Mr.

Welcome.

It's back.

He's calling him from a bird cage.

He's locked in.

He's locked in the cage.

Yeah, I am.

You are.

Locked in right now.

Very cool.

How are you doing?

What's new?

He's live in the cage.

Great to have you back, dude.

Yeah.

You had the shortest earnout in history.

You're back in the game.

I think it's like, I don't know, I don't know any of the details, but really smart for you to like have this amazing outcome.

Yep.

Get immediately back in the game.

Totally.

And, you know, running it up to nine figs was so easy for you.

In that category, you decided.

I'm going to go compete with the titans of industry, the biggest companies in the world,

and what is now the most competitive category, but you have a unique spin on it.

And we're excited to talk about it.

Yeah, take us through it.

Cool.

Yeah.

So, I mean, after selling CalAI, as soon as possible, as soon as, you know, we were able to transition

and get everything across the line, I was itching to start something new.

and this idea to build in the AI assistance space is something that I've wanted to do.

Even while working on Cal AI, I saw that this is the clear future of where consumer utility

apps are headed.

All of these separated apps are collapsing into one source that is easier to operate, yet

more sophisticated and more capable than any of them by themselves.

and so just seeing that this is where things are going,

I don't want to just sit as a bystander in the stands watching.

I wanted to get out and build.

Okay, you raised $10 million at $100 million valuation.

So, yeah, I mean, obviously the elephant in the room is like instinct raised like a billion at $10 billion.

And they're, you know, he's off like trying to get a bunch of compute.

It feels like there's an opportunity here for like a capital light inference light model.

And I'm wondering if that's the path you're going down because a dev day last week,

Open AI announced that you can like bring your chatypT subscription with you,

spend those tokens inside of another app.

It feels like there's other ways, whether it's open source models on device stuff,

to like not blow up your inference bill.

But how are you thinking about that?

Or maybe it's just like you're doing the billion dollar round next week and you'll be back on the show.

So I wouldn't put anything back to you, but I want to know how you're thinking about it.

It's a great question.

The long-term strategy is still fluid and flexible, and we're going to be very adaptive to the market conditions.

However, there are multiple different paths to go down.

Right now, we are most concerned with building the best product and building the best team.

And I really do believe there is a play to keep it completely free and then make money through all kinds of different means.

Whether that's like showing ads to the agent without biasing the answer in any way,

just showing different products.

Like let's say it's going out to buy you a new office chair.

It can pull in searches that you get paid for and without biasing, without saying that it's an ad.

And then you make money for the user.

Also like affiliates like the honey business model.

So when it goes out to buy something, you could get paid.

And then long term, like being the platform, potentially taking fees from all of

these companies and negotiating that, that would be more complex and definitely thinking years out.

However, that is the longer term play.

So I think some kind of freemium or completely free is the way to go.

What do you think?

What about a fintech angle, like introducing a debit card monetizing.

On everything you buy, yeah.

Yeah, like that would be super interesting, a cashback on any purchase, something like that.

And these are all routes that we're looking into right now.

Cool.

But ultimately what we care about is building a great product.

and actually getting it into the hands of consumers.

What we're seeing right now is a new AI assistant is getting launched every single day.

However, it's all within the bubble of Twitter.

The only one that has broken out of Twitter is Mews by meta.

I mean, they own the distribution platforms.

They're difficult to be.

And yeah, we are pushing to also get in the hands of actual consumers.

Like we're being very quiet on Twitter right now, but we're starting to ramp up a lot on Instagram, TikTok, these platforms.

What do you think people misunderstand?

about consumer

consumer philosophy,

consumer behavior

in the AI era.

Like Ben Thompson has this take

that consumers don't want to be productive,

they want to be entertained.

There's other,

there's like the hot take that like,

oh,

all these tech people,

they just think it's like,

booking flights is like the most important thing ever

in like the average American books

like one flight a year.

And so I feel like you are in tune

with the American consumer

more than many tech people

and more grounded.

And so,

I'm wondering about like, what is your philosophy for like, what do people actually want to do with AI?

Yeah, so a lot of people think that saving time is a big value proposition.

And it is for busy people, for people that are entrepreneurs or working on, you know, complex projects.

But the average consumer actually does not value their time.

You would think they do, but they really do not.

And so that is something that AI systems are really good at.

saving time, but not something that most people actually care about. What people do care about

is saving money, saving or making money. And so right now, AI assistants actually are very good

at doing this. However, the actual onboarding, like onboarding a user to the platform, most of them

just have no idea what to use them for. And so we're trying to really dial in this onboarding

where we are immediately providing value. I mean, if we can immediately show someone, like we just

saved you $100.

That's a user for life.

Jordy alluded to it earlier.

You sold your company.

You jumped right back in the arena.

How has your, what was the journey like selling the company?

What did that feel like to you?

How did your relationship with money change?

Your goals.

Did anything change?

Maybe it's all the same.

But what was, what are you been going through emotionally in the last year?

So when we sold Calai, I had an interesting.

chain of thought where we were very early and still growing very quickly.

We could have held on to it, could have kept growing it, and then sold it later.

The reason we ultimately sold was because the amount we were selling for met our personal

needs where we could now focus not on making more money, but actually building for the sake

of following our passions, our curiosities, doing what we actually want to do.

And building a calorie tracking app, super cool.

We helped a lot of people.

For me, at least, it wasn't my life's mission.

And I always wanted to do something bigger and more broad.

And so after selling the company and then helping with the transition,

I think there was a time, it was a month where I truly tried to not focus on business at all.

I tried to hang out with friends, pick up new hobbies, make music.

Key word is tried.

Yeah, would you fail?

Try it and fail.

Wait, would you recommend that to someone?

Would I recommend?

Yeah, yeah.

If somebody goes through a, I mean, we just had Healy Seifer and just sold his company.

He's in, you know, an earn out and when this, these things happen differently.

But like, do you think that's the right prescription for someone in your, in your situation?

Or would you have a different take?

So, I mean, after three weeks of doing this, I just, like,

had this itch that I needed to get back in the arena and needed to build something else.

And so it didn't last long at all.

And I started building very quickly.

But I also heard like the Rock two hours later.

I didn't know it mute him.

It's insane.

Sorry, we're playing with new graphics.

The Rocket Money founder after selling his company for a billion, I heard on a podcast, his

entrepreneurial it just disappeared.

And so I wonder if that will ever happen to me.

I don't know.

Yeah, that's interesting.

Could never be you.

Probably not at this phase.

There's so much opportunity.

Could never be you.

Yeah.

Jordy, any other questions?

Last thing, how confident are you that hardware will be a big component of the business over the long term?

Or do you think there's ways, you know, if you really figure out sort of agent side, why not figure out ways to make it accessible to more people?

Yeah.

So there are two.

trends at play right now. Our overarching mission of the company is to make computing seamless

with human life. And there is a huge movement away from being on your screens. The average

screen time is six hours and reels are being put in every app and people hate it. Like,

people will get sucked in and scroll for hours. But if most people could push a button,

they would remove reels from Instagram. If they're in like more of a,

sober state of mind. I mean, people love to be entertained and consume, but at least not to the

amount that they are, but it is so addictive. And so that's why companies like Brick have rose recently

where it's just a small NFC tag. You put in your fridge and you tap your phone to it. It completely

blocks your apps. And so our hardware being screenless allows you to get the same amount of work done,

but be on your screen a lot less. It also won't interrupt the flow of conversation. So for example,

of we're talking and I pull out my phone, even if it's about us.

Like I'm making a group chat connecting you with someone.

It still puts a physical blocker in front of us.

Whereas if I just talking to my wristband, hey, yeah, yeah, make this connection.

It keeps the human connection alive more.

No, no, no, I agree with that.

I think it's a, I think, like, it's very hard to predict, like, true consumer behaviors over decades.

Because sometimes people are just like, yeah, they hate the slop, but they go for it and they watch the reels.

But as a story to tell people, as a reason to get someone to try something, it's so valuable.

And then you can build on top of that and go wherever people want to go.

People definitely need reels.

Like I would never want to remove that from a product.

However, I don't think that our phones, I mean, they're just rectangles.

I don't think that they are the optimal form factor when you start building an AI experience.

I think the device should be native to.

the operating system.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's interesting because part of why we're in like the voice modality at with AI

agents and text is just the cost of inference.

Like if things get cheaper, like every every prompt in chat chappetit could just be a

face time call with like something that looks like an AI agent and they could render a video

and it could talk to you.

But we've had face time for a long time.

Not everyone facetimes for every single call.

A lot of people just have normal phone calls.

A lot of people have conversations.

So I believe in like the right tool for the job for different moments for sure.

And I think I think that fits very well with your thesis.

Anyway.

Yeah.

Zuck's worst nightmare.

True.

Coming for him.

Coming for a screen time.

Yeah.

Coming for his agent.

Taking shots.

I'm glad to see you back in the arena.

Yeah.

And yeah.

Congratulations.

On the new round.

Thanks for coming and hanging out.

And I'm sure he'll be back on soon.

Yeah.

We'll talk to you soon.

See you guys.

Have a good ones.

Goodbye.

Well, do we have time for one more.

That's our show, folks.

I wanted to know if you wanted this UFO house.

Did you see the UFO house?

They saved a UFO like home from demolition.

Now it's landing on the market for $1.495 million.

The restored plastic Futuro house, which I think you're not going to like the materials.

Idaho Wild.

It's out in Idaho Wild, high in California's San Jacinto Mountains near Idaho Wild.

a harvest gold flying saucer is perched high on a large rock outcropping.

The structure is a Futuro, a plastic home designed by the Finnish architect Maddie Saronin in the late 60s.

Of the estimated, they made 100 of these around the world.

Only 50 or 60 are thought to remain, though there is no official accounting.

This is so elite.

Okay, you like it.

This is S tier.

This is S tier.

I mean, if you want to build like an ADU on your property, why not, why not go with another three-letter structure, the UFO.

The UFO?

I mean.

Get rid of the ADU and get a UFO.

Yeah.

Okay.

I like it.

No, this thing is stunning.

It's very beautiful.

It's very cool.

It's very unique.

It's so different.

Please, someone create the UFO-like housing company of North America.

Yeah.

We need it.

I want one of these in every backyard.

Apparently they can just throw it on a truck.

Like what's even going on here?

Yeah.

Apparently they can just throw on a truck and drop it off somewhere.

It's really cool that people just put these all over the world.

Bought it for $70,000 and made plans to move the Futuro to the site.

That's very, very cool.

Despite Sironin's best intentions, relocating the Futuro, proved to be quite a challenge

after consulting with experts.

Wayne concluded that the structure was too heavy to be lifted by a standard-sized helicopter

and airlifting would require a long list of permits,

including approval by the FAA.

In December of that year, the Futura was shrink-wrapped and driven from San Diego to Pine Cove on a flatbed truck.

Let's head over to the Wall Street Journal comments section.

Lewis says $1.5 million for an extremely meltable home and his own rated by Cal Fire is the highest chance of wildfire in the state of California.

I wonder how State Farm feels about ensuring a large piece of yellow plastic surrounded by dense flammable tinder.

Well, I mean, they're only ensuring the value of the structure.

And so the value of the structure is made.

I mean, it's like an art piece, so it could be more, but the actual structure costs like $70,000 to build.

So it's not that hard to underwrite.

Of course, like you don't want to be there in a fire, but you're in the world.

It just looks incredible.

It looks really cool.

The contrast between the structure and the trees and the shot is just out of this world.

Yeah.

There's so many things to say, says, John, I'll stick with it.

It's a small market for a plastic tree house.

Yeah, small market, but there's not a lot of these.

Yeah, very cool.

Lisa says love it.

The only problem is that it's in California.

Taking shots.

Matt says the people of Idaho Wilde are lovely,

but with that attitude,

probably best not to visit.

There's more shade being thrown around

in the Wall Street Journal's comment section.

We get it.

You're from Wall Street.

You're from Manhattan.

Go easy on us Californians.

We like the Wall Street Journal too.

Do you think it looks too much like a classic Weber Grill?

You can never look too much

like a classic Weber grill.

I've been, you've been trying to hit the gym in a way that would make you look like a classic

Weber grill.

Just getting so robust?

Robust.

Okay.

This thing is beautiful.

Yeah.

Very, very cool.

Very, very cool history.

Go check it out.

The full breakdown and the full articles available on the Wall Street Journal.

We're off tomorrow.

We're headed into a, a long weekend as well.

When we're back, there will only be 1,700 hours.

Until Christmas.

Hard to believe.

Fly and by.

Just flying by.

It's flying by.

Yeah.

Remarkable.

Well, leave us five stars on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Sign up for our newsletter at TBPN.com, and we will see you on Monday.

11 a.m. Pacific.

Have a great weekend.

We love you.

Goodbye.

Smoke grenade tonight.

Okay.

Goodbye.

I like a smoke grenade.

We love you.