=== PODCAST-TRANSKRIPT: All-In ===
Titel: All-In with Chamath, Jason, Sacks & Friedberg - Daniel Ek: Life After Spotify, Broken Healthcare Incentives, Catching Disease Early & AI's Potential
Quelle: https://podscripts.co/podcasts/all-in-with-chamath-jason-sacks-friedberg/daniel-ek-life-after-spotify-broken-healthcare-incentives-catching-disease-early-ais-potential
Datum: 2026-09-29
Länge: ~48k Zeichen
Hinweis: Werbeblöcke entfernt. '---' markiert Gast-Wechsel.
Methode: Podscripts
========================================

welcome back to the All In interview show where we, the All In podcast,

dedicate an hour to just some of the great thinkers, creators of our time.

And today, it will be no different.

Daniel Eck is with us.

You know him, the co-founder of Spotify, which he started 20 years ago.

And he ran it for those two decades to an extraordinary state of affairs today, well over 700 million

active users, over 300 million premium subscribers. But on January 1st this year, he shifted and became

the executive chairman with me and David Freeberg today. Daniel Mack, how are you, sir? Welcome to

the program. Well, thank you so much for having me. It's good to be on. Yeah, it's good to see you.

We've known each other for 20 years. I remember the first shack, your partner, leaned into me

at a internet summon or something and said, hey, check this out. And he showed me Spotify. But this was

at a time when nobody had a subscription service. So we're going to talk today about your new startup,

which is incredible in the healthcare space. But take us back to the launch of Spotify and how

that crazy idea got started and then how hard it was to break through with the music industry,

which are also known as the hardest partners in the world.

As your wealth grows, have you noticed how much more complex things get

between investments, tax strategy, and estate planning?

Managing and all is a full-time job that you didn't ask for.

Creative planning can help.

Their coordinated team of investment managers, CPAs,

and affiliated estate attorneys can do much of the heavy lifting so you don't have to.

Creative planning, where wealth works together.

Go to creative planning.com slash all-in.

I'm doing all in.

Yeah, well, I usually start off by sort of saying whenever anyone asks me about the story,

it's like, well, I had hair when I began this, and by the end of this, I obviously ended up being bald.

So you can see that it wasn't an easy journey.

All jokes aside, I mean, just to kind of set the scene, I mean, I started Spotify in 2006.

I was 23 at the time.

And the world looked a little bit different.

So this is pre-Iphone, pre-I mean, Facebook existed, but it was college only.

YouTube didn't exist.

So just like that kind of dates me, but this is before all the things we now take for granted.

And the world at that time and the music industry at that time was in free fall because

music piracy was kind of rampant.

So we had Napster, we had Kazah, we had all these things.

And there was an organization called the RI-Dou-A that went around.

and actually sued individual consumers in the U.S. for illegally downloading music.

And so I was sitting in Sweden and I was thinking to myself, you know, this is, this is wild and

this is crazy. There's no way to put the genie back in the bottle. And me and my co-founder,

Martin, we were kind of sitting in spitballing startup ideas at the time. And, you know, Martin asked me,

like, well, you know, if you could do anything you'd like to do, what would you do? And I said,

well, my real passion is music, but that seems like a really stupid idea.

And it's like, well, why is that a stupid idea?

And I kind of told them about, you know, it's really hard because you have to do all

these deals with the record companies.

You have to then figure out how to do licensing and copyright and you have to do all of

these different things.

And I said, well, what if you did this?

And then he kept asking these what if questions.

And eventually I ran out of reasons to say it.

I said, well, I guess you could do something.

If you did something, it would feel like you had all the world's music at your fingertips.

And he's like, well, that sounds pretty good.

And I said, well, okay, well, let's give it a try.

We started trying to license music.

Originally, the idea was to try to go global from day one.

And everyone was just laughing at us when we were originally saying that.

But I sort of lucked out because it turned out that one of the worst music markets in the world

was my home country, Sweden.

And part of the reason why it was one of the world's music markets

was because we had super fast broadband already from the early 2000s.

So we were kind of living in the future where people had such quick bandwidth connections

that they could download pretty much whatever they wanted.

So they were doing it.

And iTunes actually wasn't even available in the marketplace.

There was literally no legal options.

So I think the music industry had lost like 80% or something of its revenues.

and so it was like

it was kind of this crazy

of coincidence

and kind of all of these things

the conflicts of events

where we figured out

that me and my apartment

we basically took all of our own money

that we had made from prior startups

and we set the record labels

what if we would guarantee you

that basically you'd keep your bonus

for the next year

and you make your budget for the next year

if this really

is as bad as you think it is, then you just shut it down after a year, but you still made the

bonus. And if this actually works, you win as well. So you win no matter what. And they're like,

okay, well, this seems kind of like an interesting idea. And eventually, after a few years of

negotiation, agreed to it. We launched in late 2008, and it instantly became a huge hit. We

then took it to the UK and made a huge hit there. And then in 2011,

15 years ago now, we launched in the U.S.

And, yeah, I mean, and the rest is sort of a history.

Isn't that amazing, Freiburg, five years in the laboratory just to get to the U.S. market is quite a journey.

That's a lot of pain and suffering.

Yeah, but, you know, the crazy thing is I'm on the same journey now again.

Yeah, here we are.

NECO actually, as crazy as it is, we started the company eight years ago in 2018.

And we started it in Sweden in 2023.

So it took us five years to develop the product, tried it out in Sweden.

And then once we've proven it in Sweden, we took it to the UK and did it there.

And then from there on, now we're launching in the U.S.

So it's an exact Spotify playbook again, but this time in healthcare.

One of the afflictions of great entrepreneurs is your entrepreneurial, right? I mean, you just can't stop.

Or maybe I just have a high pain tolerance. I'm not sure which one of it.

Yeah, once things got smooth, you had to get back into it. But at what point did you start thinking about doing other things, Daniel?

Were you like actively angel investing at Spotify over the year as a CEO? The business is building hundreds of millions of users, public, successful.

Things are growing nicely. You've got a great leadership team. We've obviously,

met a lot of your team over the years. How did you start to do these other projects? I know you've

got a few others and focus on NECO. Yeah, it's kind of crazy. I'd forgotten about it, but my team now

showed me very recently. Like, I apparently did this lunch with the FT interview in, I think

2012 or 2013 or something, just after the U.S. launch of Spotify, where I was talking about

healthcare already back then. So I've been thinking about healthcare specifically for a very,

very long time. And it's just been, you know, I think a lot of people just talk about sort of all

the stuff that's going bad in the world. But my view is that actually most things are going pretty

well. And it's kind of up into the right on the technology curve and all the things that we're getting.

But I try to focus on the problems that aren't going that well. One of those happens to be

healthcare. So I've been kind of interested about this as like, you know, how is it that we're spending

more and more money on health care, but getting worse and worse outcomes? And what can we do about it?

And so that really kind of got me into the space. I think healthcare is kind of unique and kind

of special. I honestly didn't have any money until Spotify went public, so I wasn't a prolific

angel investor. What year was that? That was 2018. We went public. 18, right. Yeah. So I probably

I probably started doing a little bit of investing in 2018, but I had no money before then.

So, you know, it was literally just kind of all in, focus on Spotify for, I guess, you know, the better part of 12, 13 years before I made any investing in anything else.

And then, you know, you and I, we were talking about it at this dinner like a week ago or something.

but, you know, I then tried to do a little bit of investing.

I'd actually already started NECO at that time,

and I kind of just realized that I loved building way more than I loved investing.

And so right now...

Freeper came to the same conclusion.

It's so painful to watch companies you invest in.

This was our whole dinner conversation the other night.

Yeah, get mismanaged and you can't do it.

Well, you spend time on boards.

That's why I don't join boards anymore.

You're sitting on a board.

You advise a CEO.

and they don't listen to you

and you pull your hair out,

like I would have done something different,

why didn't you do this?

And if they are listening to you

and you're effectively instructing them

on what to do,

it also doesn't work

because they're not leading.

And so I became pretty committed to this idea.

Like you find amazing entrepreneur, founder, CEOs.

Give them money and never look at it again

and you'll be fine, generally better than not.

And then, you know, the flip side is,

if that's really what you're passionate about

and you have the activity or the agency,

it's to step in and do it yourself.

Yeah, the more instruction they need,

probably the less chance they're going to succeed.

Yeah.

So Daniel, maybe you can just give us the overview on NECO,

kind of what the business...

Yeah, and how you came to that idea, right?

Yeah, how did you come to this specific idea?

I started researching the space a very, very long time ago,

and maybe just as a quick primer for the audience.

The U.S. is spending 18% of its GDP on health care.

it's a single largest line item in the budgets right now.

And if you take heart disease alone, it's in the hundreds of billions of dollars

that are being spent on that disease group alone in the U.S. alone.

I mean, it's just insane.

It's larger than Fortune 10 companies' revenues, just one disease group.

So it's a gigantic problem, as I mentioned.

And so I started looking into everything from like, you know,

drugs to, you know, can you make more efficient drugs? Is it about cancers? And

basically started like targeting, like, what are the real reasons why it looks that way?

And I think the real conclusion ended up being, there's lots of reasons, not one. You know,

we see, but we see a few really big ones. Cardiology or heart health is a major one.

We see skin cancer, melanomas being another big one. So there's a lot. There's a

a few sort of major groups of illnesses that is over representative. But the major one is really

chronic disease overall. And the crazy thing about chronic disease when you read about it is that

if you discover these things early, they're totally preventable. And the cost of dealing with them

is very small and is suffering for the person that are having it and their family and community is

very small too. So the key thing is if you discover things early, you're actually good. And so then the

question is, well, why don't we discover things early? And it happens to be that we don't have enough

data. So everyone in the entire healthcare industry is in the agreement that we have to take healthcare

from reactive to preventative health. And but then, you know, there, now all the disagreement starts,

which is how do you do that? And our view,

my co-founder Yelmaer and I, our view is really that it all starts with having better data.

If you have better data, you're going to be able to discover things much more easily,

and that in itself then lead to have a chance of discovering those things much earlier,

which then creates this virtual flywheel of then changing healthcare.

So predictive data that allows you to be predictive about future adverse health outcomes,

and course correct ahead of time.

Yeah, that's the holy grail is to get to that point.

And essentially, our view is that the way you get there is that you need a lot more data than you have today,

both from each modality that you gather data, but also across multiple modalities,

and you need it longitudinally.

So you need it over time.

So if you had a lot more data and you had it over time, you'd be able to have a lot higher,

you're likely of doing those kind of predictive analysis.

And then what we then said was, well, okay, how do we do that?

And it so happened to be that if you think about really what's happened in the last 20 years,

one of the biggest innovations, of course, is the smartphones.

And we've had more and more sensors packed into those smartphones.

So there's more and more sheep sensors and sheep electronics that's available to us.

So our view was like, okay, well, we should be able to utilize this to build a lot more sensors

than what's been able to be built before.

And then the other thing,

we started free, the LLMs and everything like that,

but it was then called machine learning,

but today we talk about it as AI.

We should have a lot better intelligence.

So if we have all these massive data sets,

we should be able to make really good predictions about it.

And obviously, again, similar to that,

this is exactly what we learned with Spotify too.

The more data we're able to gather,

the better predictions we're able to give you

about what song to play next.

And so this is exactly the same thing that you now need to do in health care, but obviously

it's across multiple modalities and now across longitudinal data sets as well.

Is there evidence today that some of this early observational data can affect ultimate

health outcomes?

I mean, I can see this working for metabolic conditions, things related like exercise,

depletion rates and blood sugar and sleep.

But ultimately the correction there is typically diet exercise.

What are some other examples of major diseases that we can kind of identify ahead of the curve,

course correct?

And maybe just explaining what NICO is for people who don't know.

Yeah, yeah.

Maybe I'll start there and then we can get into it.

So in a very simple way, the experience of NACCO today and in Gen 2 is it's $499.

dollars. It is a reinvented healthcare experience from the ground up, vertically integrated.

We do everything for building our own facilities, to having our own nurses and doctors on staff,

to building our own diagnostic equipment, doing everything on our own, on the software side.

So it's really kind of an end-to-end solution that we've designed from the grad help.

And we designed it with the goal of creating the most valuable hour you can invest in your health.

that's the mission that we have

and that's where we're coming to work

to do every day

every day really at work

the experience is really you come in

the first thing you typically tend

to do is that you

draw blood

from us so we then

measure 53 blood markers

you then go through

our skin rig where we

have a camera system that takes over

6,000 super high

images across your body where we index every mole and lesion and all of the possible rashes

and rednesses you may have as well. That gets indexed. We then look into your heart and blood

circulation. We look at grip strength. All the sort of traditional markers that we have very good

scientific evidence are a valuable indicator as you think about sort of health. Then at the end of this

visits that last for about an hour, you get uninterrupted time with a clinician, and you go through

all of the results, including the blob works during that hour. So you have a complete set where you

can go through your values within that hour with your doctor, and the doctor will answer any

questions you may have, but you will also, with that clinician, sit down and go through results,

you know, about things you may even want to improve as well when it comes to your health. So that's

that's the experience that we're launching with today in New York, in the U.S., and obviously

we'll launch in many more places across the United States over the next coming months.

And just the identification of things ahead of the curve? Because I've heard of other,

there was one medical, there was forward, I mean, there were a few other kind of attempts at

making these integrated centers where you go in and get preventative checkups with their own

instrumentation. And I think I've heard the thesis a little bit before. What have you identified

that maybe novel, Daniel, that we haven't seen in the past.

I think first and foremost, the important thing to mention is, as I mentioned, we started this

in 2018.

So this company's been around for eight years.

We've done more than 100,000 scans already.

So we've actually published data every year.

So we've just published our third year data survey, where we go through the health outcomes that

we have across our members.

And around 1% of our members have a serious underlying.

medical situation that is undiagnosed that we discover.

So, again, the good news is many of our members are healthy,

and we're just talking about improving their current health status,

and as you correctly pointed out,

a lot of that ends up coming around stress,

around diet, around sleep, and those things.

But the most encouraging thing we're finding now,

as we've done these studies for three years in a row,

is that the people with the worst health status are the ones that are improving the most.

So it turns out that this ability of having a clear visual understanding of where you are

in your health journey currently today and having a clinician that sits down with you

explaining the situation and possible remedies to that is a huge benefactor for getting

people to start improving things around lifestyle.

So we've seen members that have gone from year where they've been smoking to not smoking as part of them having to do this neck and prioritizing their health.

We've obviously seen people with severe and medical underlying illnesses that have gone from discovering those and then treating them and having much better overall health as a result.

So it's really kind of all across the basis, but I'll give you a very concrete example.

So take dermatology as a great example.

The average person at NECO today has 950 moles.

The average person has 950 moles.

Yes.

That's insane.

Some percentage you can't tell, I guess, is the punchline here.

They're like not detectable by the human eye.

Well, if you really went through your skin, you'd be surprised how many you'd find.

I mean, it's a big dispersion.

Some have, you know, many, many thousands and some of them have 500.

Perfect AI application for AI, obviously.

Exactly.

So if you think about it across a normal doctor's visit,

how likely is it that that doctor will check out all the 950 moles that you may have?

It's not going to happen.

So normally what happens in a normal doctor visit would be you may say,

look, I have a mole or the doctor sees, hey, let's take a look at that mole.

It looks a little bit funky.

And then they bring out their tool where they inspect it.

They usually these days have a software that checks against whether this mole, they take a camera across many different frequencies to then discover both the size of this mole but also the texture of the mole and so on and so forth.

We literally do that.

And we first have an AI system that flag possible risk factors.

And then we have a human clinician that then goes through and reviews those as well.

And should we even at that point find something, we then have.

expert dermatologists on staff, multiple of them, that then also reviews that results.

So that's just one indicator of like what happens in one visit.

But let's now presume the scenario that we'd have multiple visits.

And maybe one year, it's actually, we don't discover anything.

But because we've cataloged and indexed every single one, we can actually now, in a longitudinal

base, look at them from one year to the next year.

So it may be growing abnormally.

These are things that if you think about it,

even the best doctors in the world

can't possibly remember

how your mold may have looked like

from one year to another.

So again, back to your point,

this is a perfect application of AI, right?

But we look at this as like,

this is a perfect application

of how healthcare should look like.

It should seamlessly be both AI

and amazing clinicians

in a great package experience.

So that's essentially what we're trying to do

with NECO.

That's great. And are you actively running at a CEO, Daniel, or are you operating part-time? Yeah.

No. So similar to Spotify these days where I have two great CEOs. I have an amazing co-founder and partner, Yalmer, who's really the brainchild of Neko.

And he's the one who's doing most of the work, even though I'm sitting here and taking most of the credits at this point. But yeah, he's the real brain.

Right. You know what I'm struck by? The cost of this is so cheap, $49.9. You also have to be.

function health and superpower, two other great services, about $350,400. They just do blood work.

But if we look at the spending, right? And right now, it's health care number two, social security

number one. And fast, your favorite coming up is the interest payments. Ray Bergberg will overtake our

health care spend. You could actually have folks come to this every year or every other year for

four or every American, four or eight percent of the cost of the total we spend on health care. And I'm,

I'm curious, is this something you expect people to do yearly or something every other year?

And what impact do you think an investment of every American getting this done every year or every other year, or maybe every three years even, which would be down to 2% of our budget?

What impact would that have on the forward-looking budget and the forward-looking spend?

And have you done those kind of calculations?

Yeah, I mean, look, we obviously have a view, but I think it's too early to say.

I want to sit here and say that we know conclusively what will happen.

But I think what we do recommend our members is to try to do this on an annual basis.

And the way I kind of make this analogy is most of us today are trying to go to a dentist on a yearly basis.

For some reason, we don't do an annual health checkup, most of us, on an annual basis.

So for me, this should be as regular as going to the dentist or doing anything else,

like, and it should be an amazing experience.

This should be, you know, again, as I said, what we're really doing is a submission here

is trying to create the most valuable hour you can invest in your health.

And, you know, we know a lot of people are busy, so we want to be brutally efficient with

people's time.

So you can actually, if you don't have any questions, and you're just interested in really

doing the test results, you can probably get by in 30, 40 minutes and do it.

So we're not talking about a lot of time to do.

that and obviously $500 is still a lot of money for people but I do think it's a great investment

if you can't afford it to do.

Starting a business usually means juggling a bunch of different services just to look

legit. Not anymore. With Northwest registered agent, you get a complete business identity

all in one place, a business address, domain, website, phone number, and more. With privacy

protection built in from day one, don't spend hundreds or thousands on services,

you can get from Northwest for free.

Visit northwest registered agent.com

slash all in free

and start using free resources

to build your business today.

That $500, you lose money on every visit

or break even,

and then like there's some profit

that comes from maybe the upsells.

Take us with the economic model here

and then how that will work

with the insurance industrial complex

as dysfunctional as it is here.

in America.

Yeah.

Well, so the benefit of being vertically integrated is that we've been able to build,

you know, everything ourselves, which means we can also cut costs in a pretty dramatic way.

So within that $500 a year, we are, the unit economics are positive.

And we have clinics today that are profitable, that we're operating already today.

So we think this is a good price point.

to enter in because it's a great value for people.

But because we do all the things ourselves,

we're able to still make this economically viable for us, too,

to create a great business and to be able to grow and invest in that business

so that we can spread it to more places as well.

So, Daniel, are you focused exclusively on this project?

You have other stuff you're working on?

I'm not exclusively focused on it,

but it's obviously one of the things that are taking a lot of my time,

and rightfully so.

It's one of the biggest problems in the world.

But I'm still spending time with Spotify.

I'm exec share there.

So that's still my baby, even though I'm not involved in it on everyday basis.

And we have a few other companies with prima materia, which is a company I created together with

Shaq that you mentioned earlier, where we're trying to really do what I mentioned before,

which is like how do we how do we pay it forward and kind of almost be like the greatest co-founder

you could possibly find that's that's what the ambition of prima material the health care thing

really perplexes me i kind of look at the the biggest issues for affordability for people in the

u.s right now it's you know buying a home dealing with your educational costs and then health care

cost is the top three i feel like we can solve education costs and we can solve home costs

with certain market incentives that have been distorted.

But health care is much more complex.

As you look at the U.S. system, beyond just kind of preventative care,

the cost for servicing patients in a hospital,

like why is it $15,000 to get stitches at an ER?

You know, why is it $20,000 to get a drug that costs $30 to make?

You know, why, when the doctor is making $200,000 a year,

does the doctor seeing me for eight minutes cost my insurance company $6,000?

I mean, what is going on from your view that extends beyond, like, get in front of all of the

catch-up problems and so on. But what's structurally going on with the health care system in the

U.S.? And if you were emperor of the U.S. for a day and you got to say you could do anything

you wanted, what are the top kind of three things that we're missing that maybe NECO doesn't

necessarily address today, but are kind of things that you would recommend we fix?

I mean, again, I'm definitely not an expert on the U.S. healthcare system.

But for me, it is like, show me the outcome.

I'll show you the incentive.

It's one of those classical problems.

And if you really, really think about it at the moment,

the entire system is predicated on,

and the health care system was built around a time

when we were dealing with infectious disease.

That was how the health care system was built and dealt with.

So all the incentives are really around that,

which means we're fixing you acutely when there's massive amounts of symptoms.

So where we have to go is we have to go to the healthcare system being preventative.

That means it has to be way more long term today.

So I'll just mention one of the problems that exists is because normally your health care is tied to your employment in one shape or form.

And because the average tenure of your employment is not that very long, it means that you may have only two, three years at one employer.

and then you switch.

And when you switch,

you switch insurers too.

So one of the questions then,

if you're that insurer,

should you invest in something

where the payback time

may be 10 or 15 or 20 years to do that?

Those are just some of those sort of incentive things.

Like, how do we look at the ROI

of some investments that may be 10, 15, 20 years into the future?

And who takes those investments?

These are not easy things to answer.

don't claim to have all the answers to them.

But one of the things we're trying to do with that

because we're just trying to bring the cost down

so that the ROI doesn't have to be that we have to invest

or the insurance industry have to invest

or employers have to invest millions of dollars

speculatively hoping to get it back in 20 years' time

with very little data.

So our view is like if we lower it,

so it may not be a million dollars,

it may be, you know, I make it up tens of thousands of dollars,

Even if that payback time was 10 or 20 years,

I think that there would be a higher propensity and likelihood for a pickup on that.

And then the second thing we're trying to do, obviously,

is we're trying to add more data to the system.

And if we had more data, then it's much more likely with these multimodal,

longitudinal data sets to be able to kind of actually see,

well, what's the efficacy of these things over time?

This is also part of the reason, by the way,

why we are investing in releasing our data every year of what we're finding so that people can see,

okay, well, what happens both on an aggregate NECO population, which is also super cool,

because normally in healthcare systems, they're very country-specific, right?

And so this is one of the few healthcare companies that are, it's not global, but at least

multi-country systems straight away.

So that's also super interesting.

Like what are we finding in the UK that may or may be similar or dissimilar to the U.S.?

That's going to be super fascinating.

Well, what did you find between Stockholm and the UK?

I mean, I can take some guesses, but I'm guessing people in Sweden were much more fit in the UK.

You probably had more cardiovascular disease and diabetes, yeah, and those are the two, I believe, you tell me, if I'm right, Friedberg.

Aren't those like the two biggest spends in terms of healthcare spending is?

I think diabetes is number one.

I could be wrong, but cardiovascular diabetes seems to be the big two.

So what did you learn between the two populations?

Well, I mean, it's really early and it's still on relatively small base.

It's 100,000 scans, as I mentioned before.

But I don't know that I think we're ready to speak about sort of population level health outcomes.

But as we grow in NECO, I think we will.

And that's going to be super cool.

And then, you know, we're already today doing,

Lots of clinical trials.

We've done four already.

We have two underway.

We have another four we're going.

So we're partnering with the research community as well deeply around these

data sets that we already have today and that we will gather more on tomorrow too.

And I think my point with all of this is really just to say, look, we actually, it's for people in tech,

the amount of data that exists in the healthcare system is actually not as the data sets are not that large.

that's a crazy part

and so

I think it's a pretty safe set

that if we can 10x or 100x

the amount of data that becomes available

we're going to be able to draw

super interesting

conclusions about that

not just NECO but the whole healthcare system

that's really the bet we're making

putting the wearables in there

is going to be really interesting

with the oras the whoops the Fitbits

you start Apple watches

you start correlating that data

with the blood work

I noticed whoop offering labs now through Quest, and I don't think, maybe you can sync, you know, your borough whoop with some of those.

But we don't, I've never seen any data.

You know, we have sleep, we have recovery, we have heart rate, you know, but I don't think anybody's put the blood work together with that.

And then your system, I mean, this could really change everything in terms of health care.

If we can correlate that, maybe you could speak to the impact you think wearables are going to have.

Do you think you partner with them or you just have a NECO wearable?

You eventually just make part of the subscription at 9.95 because it does seem like these are commodified for the basic 80% of it, I'm sure.

Yeah.

So what are your thoughts there?

Well, already today, we do allow you to import your Apple health data.

So if you do have wearable data, we will take that.

So anyone who, and a lot of the big ORAWIP, et cetera, do allow you.

to write a lot of that to Apple Health as well.

That's just one sort of example of that.

So, yeah, we would love to have, of course, more data because that enables us to, again,

when the clinician sits down with you, to be able to give you a much more 360 perspective

about your current health status.

So that's one of the things that we encourage.

But I do want to say also that I think that this is just like the service that we're

launching today, it is very rare in itself that, you know, when you create a diagnostic product,

the normal way of doing that in this space is you created that, spent X amount of years doing R&D

for that thing, then you literally spend the next 10 years selling exactly that thing.

And with NECO, within this three year, what we launched and now launching in the U.S., we're on Gen 2.

So we've already upgraded our diagnostic infrastructure.

And so I think what you should expect with NECO is that we're launching with one thing today,

but we're going to keep adding more and more and more value.

And we'll keep adding more and more, you know, valuable diagnostics that we can find

and we can put in at the price point.

You know, so that's kind of the goal.

So this is just the beginning.

And the goal is obviously to make this even more valuable so that we can deliver

against our mission of having the most valuable hour you can spend on your health.

Daniel, do you want to take a step back and talk about what's going on broadly in the tech

industry right now and AI?

You know, what's your view on pacing the frontier?

I want to hear these questions.

Yes.

Do we need to pace the frontier?

I'm struck by the fact that if we kind of look at the world and certainly over the last

few years, I kind of always say, you know, we're walking into COVID and

every one of us became a virologist. We were all the sudden supply chain experts after the first

you know, oil tanker in the Hormuz Straits got stuck somewhere, you know, and then with Ukraine

war broken out, we were all-military experts and military strategies. Are you talking about the all-in

podcast right now? You know, I'm just talking. It's actually the, we renamed it the All-In

laboratory pod. It's the

expert pod. Because we are just

we're just a lab. We need to

be regulated because our opinions are

so dangerous.

You know, that maybe Spotify's podcasting

could regulate us.

Sorry, but go ahead.

Yeah. My point

is just like everyone expresses these things

with such extreme confidence. And

it turns out most of the time we ended up being

completely wrong, even the biggest experts.

So I'm not sure I have much value to add

except to say that I believe that we're still in the innings where we can alter the impact

for how to use these technologies.

And, you know, my view is that every great technology has extreme positives and extreme negatives

and is really up to us now to steer this towards the outcome that we want.

I think it's great that the debates are being had, but honestly, I have no

sort of strong opinion one way or the other if we should pace it or if we should not.

I just know that if I look at healthcare and I look at what we're doing at Spotify,

it is truly amazing.

I mean, the perfect music product is one that, you know, I've described this many times,

and I think we're getting closer to it now, which is awesome, is right now,

you can put together a better playlist yourself

than what the system could do.

But I think in the future,

downrightly, we can soundtrack every moment of your life

in an amazing way, where you just feel more.

The power of great music is that you will feel more.

If you're happy, you'll feel happier.

If you're, you know, wallowing and feeling sad,

you know, you'll feel even more wallowing and sad in that moment.

And that's thanks to AI.

And then if I look at the example we talked about with dermatology,

like 950 moles, being able to track them over time, keeping you safe,

like these are positive, amazing examples with AI.

And yet we talk about this thing as we tend to amplify that,

but I want to see more positive examples of AI.

I think we as an industry have done a terrible disservice

of not talking about all the really,

really crazy positive stuff that we can use AI for that actually greatly benefits everyone.

And in that sense, do you also think about the benefit and the value of open source AI,

open weight models where I think you can now look at like a 13 cent per million token output cost

versus $30. That's an incredible difference that unleashes this technology across a broad spectrum of

businesses and individuals, that there is no concentration of value or wealth amongst a handful

of businesses or individuals, that if we can really make these open weights and open source

models proliferate. But obviously, this regulatory conversation may restrict the expansion

of open source and open weight models. And if you have a view on kind of the importance there.

I think technology has always gone between open and closed, right? Like we had Windows versus

Linux in the first iteration

iOS versus Android.

We've seen this play out so many times

and where we tend to net out

is we tend to have both

and to the extent that I have a view

about it I've very positively

advocated for open source models

before and I will keep on

doing that because I think that that brings a lot

of innovation that will be

really helpful for the ecosystem

as well. So I completely

agree with you, Dave, that I think that, you know, if you look at these now, and certainly what we're

seeing, you know, at, let's take Spotify as an example, we're obviously using a lot of the

frontier models, but we have a bunch of fine-tuned models ourselves too, and we tend to do both.

And that is actually making us more innovative, and that's actually allowing us to do certain

things that we couldn't do with the frontier models, either because, of course,

cost and efficiency reasons or sometimes because we just couldn't tune them the way we won't want it.

And so I personally think it's going to be both.

But one of the things I heard that is a perspective I haven't heard before that maybe I would

encourage people, not that I am sort of an expert on all these things, but I'm surprised that

people haven't talked about sort of the amount of compute.

So if you think about it, for me, this isn't about just the intelligence itself of a single model,

but it's still of the basis of the amount of computers you're doing can indicate something, right?

So if I'm using 100,000 GPUs for something, that's probably going to be a lot more powerful than if I'm running an open source model on my home PC.

it's probably very unlikely that I'm going to be able to do an enormous cyber thing,

certainly if the companies have Mythos class models to try to protect themselves,

that I should be able to, with an open source model,

my home PC, do a lot of damage.

So, you know, I just find it to be a fascinating thing to just think about

if there's a way of looking at the amount of computers as well,

and as one sort of factor in that.

Right. Assuming model equivalency, compute as a key metric of defensibility,

and that's really where we can start to build guardrails around who can have access to the most compute,

and how do you get certified for compute as opposed to certified for software.

Wasn't that the original, like two years ago, one of the original concepts of limiting this was how many terraflops or how many GPUs you had?

What they did, that was how they wrote the regulatory laws around regulating models.

Right.

So they basically set a model that was trained on X number of terraflops.

And it was like, this was like a California.

As if this is static.

Yeah.

California's genius assembly got together and said, we figured it out.

We know how to classify, you know, scary models and bad models.

How many Ethernet cables are in your data center as a proxy for how far it was?

How many watts of power?

went into making this model. But I do think your point of compute as a roadblock is probably a good one.

This is what it used to be. You remember when Kray supercomputers came out and there was a limited access

and they were considered like a security risk and you had to get approved in order to get access

to a Kray supercomputer because you could use them to design nuclear weapons and you could use

them to crack codes and do all the things that people worried about. Yeah, today a Kray supercomputer

I think is less power than a washing machine or something, some product we probably have in our kitchen.

It is a really great point, actually, Daniel, because if you've got strong compute installed as a defense capability, assuming model equivalency, you're going to be hugely advantaged.

I haven't seen it in the debate at least, and I'm surprised, but maybe it's something I'm missing.

Hey, before we let you go, I guess two questions for you, take them whichever order you want.

What's the strategy and how does Spotify look at something we care about deeply, podcasting, which is built on open standards,

and you guys have become a major player in it.

Open standards are kind of moving one direction,

and Spotify's got a lot of proprietary stuff.

I've talked to you about this.

Some of your team members are like,

hey, can we keep supporting the open source port?

And then the second piece,

people don't know this,

but there was this incredible company.

Stardahl,

it was one of the first companies in Stockholm, Sweden,

to ever get funding from American VCs.

You were the CTO, if I remember,

or the intern for a couple years?

Well, I was the intern CTO, whatever.

It was probably about it.

people don't know. This was an incredibly innovative company in terms of, you know, many variables,

like digital goods and subscriptions, all that stuff. So maybe take us through both of those questions,

because that's just, you know, two personal things that I would love to hear about if we were at dinner.

Yeah. I mean, look, again, as I said, I think the open and closed are going to be two things that are going to exist

side by side. So the interesting thing about Spotify today is like on the one hand, of course,

course, we're a huge platform in podcasting, and we have a destination. There are certain things

that we're doing that a general podcast may or may not be doing. One of those will be how we're

handling comments and so on that are specific to the platform. But we actually do have tools.

So what a lot of people don't know is that we also, through our platform, aggregate and

distribute podcasts onto a lot of the other podcasting platforms. So there's a bunch of

podcasters, they're using our tools to then distribute to some of the other platforms too.

And we're obviously doing that through open standards.

So I don't think the answer for us is like one way or the other.

We think both can coexist.

But obviously, if you want to innovate within a standard, then the key is to have other

people agree to that standard.

And that can sometimes take you longer.

So it might be harder to innovate.

So Spotify's approach has been, let's support both in 10.

So that's that.

Then there's two features.

I just wanted to make sure I ask you about there's one for going live.

So this is part of the new standard.

So having that on our page.

So when we go live, it actually respects the RSS feed and sends that note out.

And then there's another one called value and donations where the person who has like, you know,

if they happen to be doing donations on whatever platform or they do them through PayPal,

Those two, the podcast OGs and the underground, really want Spotify to support.

So I'm just doing my job in representing a 17-year podcaster.

Please add those two or support those two if you think it's worthy of doing.

All right.

Well, it's no longer my decision alone, I should say, but I will certainly bring the...

I'm going right to the chairman while I got them on the line.

Yeah, of course.

Of course.

And then I'll definitely bring the feature request to the team.

Tell us about start all.

while you wrap up here, what did you learn there when you were 20 years old, 21, 22, whatever it was,

it started all.

Yeah.

You know, it was a great experience.

It was, it's kind of a, you know, it brings me back memory lane.

You know, I did start all just before I started Spotify.

So there was an entrepreneur called Matias, who was kind of one of the OG entrepreneurs in the Swedish ecosystem.

He had been around since the dot-com bubble.

and he had, it was originally the site called Paper Doll Heaven in Turco, Finland, out of all places,

by this old lady and her son.

And Index Ventures had invested in it and taking kind of a majority stake to help doing this

because they had no idea of scaling this site.

And actually, you know, and Index and Matias kind of came in with the idea of rebranding it and building it in to start.

And so they came to me one day and they sort of asked around for people who knew tech and could be technical enough to help build it.

And I had already decided I wanted to go build Spotify, but Danny Reimer is very good at convincing people to do things.

And so as a favorite to him and sort of me hoping that he would come and fund Spotify, which, by the way, didn't end up happening.

but

you know

I

I kind of said

okay

fine I'll help you

for I think it was six

to 12 months

something like that

but so I went over to

Finland and I checked it out

and it was kind of wild

and crazy because

I think the average page

load time at that time

was like four minutes

so it took four minutes

to render a simple page

so it was basically

the server was completely

breaking down by it seems

I was like holy shit

this is crazy

I wonder how much more traffic you could do

if you actually made this work

like in a snappy way.

And so we basically re-architected

the website. I hired

an entirely new technical team

and brought it down to

under a second of load time. And obviously,

the traffic exploded, Sequoia invested.

Yeah. You know, and

I said, okay, well,

I've done my part. Thank you.

And then I went off and built Spotify.

It's amazing.

origin story. It's like what happened right before the thing is always interesting to me. Listen,

Daniel, continued success. If people want to try NICO, N-E-K-O, where can they go?

So we launched the first one at 300 Lafayette. So go sign up on NICOHealth.com wait list and we'll

try to get to you as soon as possible. And this is in New York, 300 Lafayette treat.

So only New York so far, but we're expanding quickly both the number of N-U-HELFETs.

we have it in New York.

We're launching in Florida as well in Miami, and we're launching in D.C.

And we're going to try to launch all over the U.S. in the coming 12 to 24 months.

Yeah, it's great right on Houston Street.

I'd say back in the day when Sudo had their big studios, they were right around the corner from

you while to talk about memory lane.

All right, continued success.

Everybody go to nicohealth.com and sign up for the waitlist.

I'll see you next time.

Bye bye.

Oh!